uired to be paid under this subsection shall not be waived or reduced. (b) Fee reimbursement.—The Secretary of Homeland Security may provide a reimbursement to an alien of the fee required under subsection (a) for the issuance of a nonimmigrant visa after the expiration of such nonimmigrant visa’s period of validity if such alien demonstrates that he or she— (1) after admission to the United States pursuant to such nonimmigrant visa, complied with all conditions of such nonimmigrant visa, including the condition that an alien shall not accept unauthorized employment; and (2) (A) has not sought to extend his or her period of admission during such period of validity and departed the United States not later than 5 days after the last day of such period; or (B) during such period of validity, was granted an extension of such nonimmigrant status or an adjustment to the status of a lawful permanent resident. SEC. 100008. Form I–94 fee. (a) Fee authorized.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b), by any alien who submits an application for a Form I–94 Arrival/Departure Record. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (A) $24; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded down to the nearest dollar. (c) Disposition of Form I–94 fees.—During each fiscal year— (1) 20 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this section— (A) shall be deposited into the Land Border Inspection Fee Account in accordance with section 286(q)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1356(q)(2)); and (B) shall be made available to U.S. Customs and Border Protection to retain and spend without further appropriation for the purpose of processing Form I–94; and (2) any amounts not deposited into the Land Border Inspection Fee Account pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury. (d) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100009. Annual asylum fee. (a) Fee authorized.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, for each calendar year that an alien’s application for asylum remains pending, the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General, as applicable, shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b), by such alien. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (A) $100; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded down to the nearest dollar. (c) Disposition of annual asylum fees.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this section shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (d) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100010. Fee relating to renewal and extension of employment authorization for parolees. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b), for any parolee who seeks a renewal or extension of employment authorization based on a grant of parole. The employment authorization for each alien paroled into the United States, or any renewal or extension of such parole, shall be valid for a period of 1 year or for the duration of the alien’s parole, whichever is shorter. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $275; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (c) Disposition of fees relating to renewal and extension of employment authorization for parolees.—During each fiscal year— (1) 25 percent o