e in the previous crop year multiplied by 1.005. “(C) LIMITATION.—In no case shall a reference price for a covered commodity exceed 113 percent of the reference price for such covered commodity listed in subparagraph (A).”. SEC. 10302. Base acres. Section 1112 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9012) is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(3)(A), by striking “2023” and inserting “2031”; and (2) by adding at the end the following: “(e) Additional base acres.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this subsection, and notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide notice to owners of eligible farms pursuant to paragraph (3) and allocate to those eligible farms a total of not more than an additional 30,000,000 base acres in the manner provided in this subsection. An owner of a farm that is eligible to receive an allocation of base acres may elect to not receive that allocation by notifying the Secretary not later than 90 days after receipt of the notice provided by the Secretary under this paragraph. “(2) CONTENT OF NOTICE.—The notice under paragraph (1) shall include the following: “(A) Information that the allocation is occurring. “(B) Information regarding the eligibility of the farm for an allocation of base acres under paragraph (3). “(C) Information regarding how an owner may appeal a determination of ineligibility for an allocation of base acres under paragraph (3) through an appeals process established by the Secretary. “(3) ELIGIBILITY.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—Subject to subparagraph (D), effective beginning with the 2026 crop year, a farm is eligible to receive an allocation of base acres if, with respect to the farm, the amount described in subparagraph (B) exceeds the amount described in subparagraph (C). “(B) 5-YEAR AVERAGE SUM.—The amount described in this subparagraph, with respect to a farm, is the sum of— “(i) the 5-year average of— “(I) the acreage planted on the farm to all covered commodities for harvest, grazing, haying, silage or other similar purposes for the 2019 through 2023 crop years; and “(II) any acreage on the farm that the producers were prevented from planting during the 2019 through 2023 crop years to covered commodities because of drought, flood, or other natural disaster, or other condition beyond the control of the producers, as determined by the Secretary; plus “(ii) the lesser of— “(I) 15 percent of the total acres on the farm; and “(II) the 5-year average of— “(aa) the acreage planted on the farm to eligible noncovered commodities for harvest, grazing, haying, silage, or other similar purposes for the 2019 through 2023 crop years; and “(bb) any acreage on the farm that the producers were prevented from planting during the 2019 through 2023 crop years to eligible noncovered commodities because of drought, flood, or other natural disaster, or other condition beyond the control of the producers, as determined by the Secretary. “(C) TOTAL NUMBER OF BASE ACRES FOR COVERED COMMODITIES.—The amount described in this subparagraph, with respect to a farm, is the total number of base acres for covered commodities on the farm (excluding unassigned crop base), as in effect on September 30, 2024. “(D) EFFECT OF NO RECENT PLANTINGS OF COVERED COMMODITIES.—In the case of a farm for which the amount determined under clause (i) of subparagraph (B) is equal to zero, that farm shall be ineligible to receive an allocation of base acres under this subsection. “(E) ACREAGE PLANTED ON THE FARM TO ELIGIBLE NONCOVERED COMMODITIES DEFINED.—In this paragraph, the term ‘acreage planted on the farm to eligible noncovered commodities’ means acreage planted on a farm to commodities other than covered commodities, trees, bushes, vines, grass, or pasture (including cropland that was idle or fallow), as determined by the Secretary. “(4) NUMBER OF BASE ACRES.—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (8), the number of base acres allocated to an eligible farm shall— “(A) be equal to the difference obtained by subtracting the amount determined under subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3) from the amount determined under subparagraph (B) of that paragraph; and “(B) include unassigned crop base. “(5) ALLOCATION OF ACRES.— “(A) ALLOCATION.—The Secretary shall allocate the number of base acres under paragraph (4) among those covered commodities planted on the farm at any time during the 2019 through 2023 crop years. “(B) ALLOCATION FORMULA.—The allocation of additional base acres for covered commodities shall be in proportion to the ratio of— “(i) the 5-year average of— “(I) the acreage planted on the farm to each covered commodity for harvest, grazing, haying, silage, or other similar purposes for the 2019 through 2023 crop years; and “(II) any acreage on the farm that the producers were prevented from planting during the 2019 through 2023 crop years to that covered commodity because of drought, flood, or other natural disaster, or other condition beyond the control of the producers, as determined by the Secretary; to “(ii) the 5-year average determined under paragraph (3)(B)(i). “(C) INCLUSION OF ALL 5 YEARS IN AVERAGE.—For the purpose of determining a 5-year acreage average under subparagraph (B) for a farm, the Secretary shall not exclude any crop year in which a covered commodity was not planted. “(D) TREATMENT OF MULTIPLE PLANTING OR PREVENTED PLANTING.—For the purpose of determining under subparagraph (B) the acreage on a farm that producers planted or were prevented from planting during the 2019 through 2023 crop years to covered commodities, if the acreage that was planted or prevented from being planted was devoted to another covered commodity in the same crop year (other than a covered commodity produced under an established practice of double cropping), the owner may elect the covered commodity to be used for that crop year in dete