h preceding the month in which such individual made application (or application was made on behalf of such individual) for assistance.”. (d) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to medical assistance, child health assistance, and pregnancy-related assistance with respect to individuals whose eligibility for such medical assistance, child health assistance, or pregnancy-related assistance is based on an application made on or after the first day of the first quarter that begins after December 31, 2026. (e) Implementation funding.—For the purposes of carrying out the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this section, there are appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services, $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2026, to remain available until expended. SEC. 71113. Federal payments to prohibited entities. (a) In general.—No Federal funds that are considered direct spending and provided to carry out a State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act or a waiver of such a plan shall be used to make payments to a prohibited entity for items and services furnished during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, including any payments made directly to the prohibited entity or under a contract or other arrangement between a State and a covered organization. (b) Definitions.—In this section: (1) PROHIBITED ENTITY.—The term “prohibited entity” means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics— (A) that, as of the first day of the first quarter beginning after the date of enactment of this Act— (i) is an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code; (ii) is an essential community provider described in section 156.235 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), that is primarily engaged in family planning services, reproductive health, and related medical care; and (iii) provides for abortions, other than an abortion— (I) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or (II) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a life-endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed; and (B) for which the total amount of Federal and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act for medical assistance furnished in fiscal year 2023 made directly, or by a covered organization, to the entity or to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity or to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $800,000. (2) DIRECT SPENDING.—The term “direct spending” has the meaning given that term under section 250(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)). (3) COVERED ORGANIZATION.—The term “covered organization” means a managed care entity (as defined in section 1932(a)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396u–2(a)(1)(B))) or a prepaid inpatient health plan or prepaid ambulatory health plan (as such terms are defined in section 1903(m)(9)(D) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)(9)(D))). (4) STATE.—The term “State” has the meaning given such term in section 1101 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1301). (c) Implementation funding.—For the purposes of carrying out this section, there are appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2026, to remain available until expended. subchapter C—Stopping abusive financing practices SEC. 71114. Sunsetting increased FMAP incentive. Section 1905(ii)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(ii)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking “which has not” and inserting the following: “which— “(A) has not”; (2) in subparagraph (A), as so inserted, by striking the period at the end and inserting “; and”; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B) begins to expend amounts for all such individuals prior to January 1, 2026.”. SEC. 71115. Provider taxes. (a) Change in threshold for hold harmless provision of broad-based health care related taxes.—Section 1903(w)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(w)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by inserting “, and for fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2026, the applicable percent determined under subparagraph (D) shall be substituted for ‘6 percent’ each place it appears” after “each place it appears”; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (C)(ii), the following new subparagraph: “(D) (i) For purposes of subparagraph (C)(ii), the applicable percent determined under this subparagraph is— “(I) in the case of a non-expansion State or unit of local government in such State and a class of health care items or services described in section 433.56(a) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on May 1, 2025)— “(aa) if, on the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the non-expansion State or unit of local government in such State has enacted a tax and imposes such tax on such class and the Secretary determines that the tax is within the hold harmless threshold as of that date, the applicable percent of net patient revenue attributable to such class that has been so determined; and “(bb) if, on the date of enactment of this subparagraph, the non-expansion State or unit of local government in such State has not enacted or does not