s amended by inserting “or received in a qualified ABLE rollover contribution described in section 530A(d)(4)(B)” after “except as provided in the case of contributions under subsection (c)(1)(C)”. (B) PROHIBITION ON EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS.—The second sentence of section 529A(b)(6) is amended by inserting “but do not include any contributions received in a qualified ABLE rollover contribution described in section 530A(d)(4)(B)” before the period at the end. (C) CONFORMING AMENDMENT.—Section 4973(h)(1) is amended by inserting “or contributions received in a qualified ABLE rollover contribution described in section 530A(d)(4)(B)” after “other than contributions under section 529A(c)(1)(C)”. (3) FAILURE TO PROVIDE REPORTS ON TRUMP ACCOUNTS.—Section 6693(a)(2) is amended by striking “and” at the end of subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) and inserting “, and”, and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: “(G) section 530A(i) (relating to Trump accounts).”. (4) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.— (A) The table of parts for subchapter F of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: “PART IX—TRUMP ACCOUNTS (b) Employer contributions.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 127 the following new section: “SEC. 128. Employer contributions to Trump accounts. “(a) In general.—Gross income of an employee does not include amounts paid by the employer as a contribution to the Trump account of such employee or of any dependent of such employee if the amounts are paid or incurred pursuant to a program which is described in subsection (c). “(b) Limitation.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The amount which may be excluded under subsection (a) with respect to any employee shall not exceed $2,500. “(2) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2027, the $2,500 amount in paragraph (1) shall be increased by an amount equal to— “(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins by substituting ‘calendar year 2026’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. “(B) ROUNDING.—If any increase determined under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. “(c) Trump account contribution program.—For purposes of this section, a Trump account contribution program is a separate written plan of an employer for the exclusive benefit of his employees to provide contributions to the Trump accounts of such employees or dependents of such employees which meets requirements similar to the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3), (6), (7), and (8) of section 129(d).”. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 127 the following new item:“Sec. 128. Employer contributions to Trump accounts.”. (c) Certain contributions excluded from gross income.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: “SEC. 139J. Certain contributions to Trump accounts. “(a) In general.—Gross income of an account beneficiary shall not include any qualified general contribution to a Trump account of the account beneficiary. “(b) Definitions.—Any term used in this section which is used in section 530A shall have the meaning given such term under section 530A.”. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT.—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item:“Sec. 139J. Certain contributions to Trump accounts.”. (d) Trump accounts contribution pilot program.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter B of chapter 65 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: “SEC. 6434. Trump accounts contribution pilot program. “(a) In general.—In the case of an individual who makes an election under this section with respect to an eligible child of the individual, such eligible child shall be treated as making a payment against the tax imposed by subtitle A (for the taxable year for which the election was made) in an amount equal to $1,000. “(b) Refund of payment.—The amount treated as a payment under subsection (a) shall be paid by the Secretary to the Trump account with respect to which such eligible child is the account beneficiary. “(c) Eligible child.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible child ’ means a qualifying child (as defined in section 152(c))— “(1) who is born after December 31, 2024, and before January 1, 2029, “(2) with respect to whom no prior election has been made under this section by such individual or any other individual, and “(3) who is a United States citizen. “(d) Election.—An election under this section shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. “(e) Social security number required.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—This section shall not apply to any taxpayer unless such individual includes with the election made under this section the social security number of the eligible child with respect to whom the election is made. “(2) SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER DEFINED.—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘social security number’ shall have the meaning given such term in section 24(h)(7), determined by substituting ‘before the date of the election made under section 6434’ for ‘before the due date of such return’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. “(f) Exception from reduction or offset.—Any payment made to any individual under this section shall not be— “(1) subject to reduction or offset pursuant to subsection (c), (d), (e), or (f) of section 6402 or any similar autho