by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(7) REMUNERATION FROM CONTROLLED GROUP MEMBERS.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any publicly held corporation which is a member of a controlled group— “(i) paragraph (1) shall be applied by substituting ‘specified covered employee’ for ‘covered employee’, and “(ii) if any person which is a member of such controlled group (other than such publicly held corporation) provides applicable employee remuneration to an individual who is a specified covered employee of such controlled group and the aggregate amount described in subparagraph (B)(ii) with respect to such specified covered employee exceeds $1,000,000— “(I) paragraph (1) shall apply to such person with respect to such remuneration, and “(II) paragraph (1) shall apply to such publicly held corporation and to each such related person by substituting ‘the allocable limitation amount’ for ‘$1,000,000’. “(B) ALLOCABLE LIMITATION AMOUNT.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘allocable limitation amount’ means, with respect to any member of the controlled group referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to any specified covered employee of such controlled group, the amount which bears the same ratio to $1,000,000 as— “(i) the amount of applicable employee remuneration provided by such member with respect to such specified covered employee, bears to “(ii) the aggregate amount of applicable employee remuneration provided by all such members with respect to such specified covered employee. “(C) SPECIFIED COVERED EMPLOYEE.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘specified covered employee’ means, with respect to any controlled group— “(i) any employee described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of paragraph (3), with respect to the publicly held corporation which is a member of such controlled group, and “(ii) any employee who would be described in subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3) if such subparagraph were applied by taking into account the employees of all members of the controlled group. “(D) CONTROLLED GROUP.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘controlled group’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414.”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70604. Excise tax on certain remittance transfers. (a) In general.—Chapter 36 is amended by inserting after subchapter B the following new subchapter: “subchapter C—Remittance transfers “Sec. 4475. Imposition of tax. “SEC. 4475. Imposition of tax. “(a) In general.—There is hereby imposed on any remittance transfer a tax equal to 1 percent of the amount of such transfer. “(b) Payment of tax.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The tax imposed by this section with respect to any remittance transfer shall be paid by the sender with respect to such transfer. “(2) COLLECTION OF TAX.—The remittance transfer provider with respect to any remittance transfer shall collect the amount of the tax imposed under subsection (a) with respect to such transfer from the sender and remit such tax quarterly to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as provided by the Secretary, “(3) SECONDARY LIABILITY.—Where any tax imposed by subsection (a) is not paid at the time the transfer is made, then to the extent that such tax is not collected, such tax shall be paid by the remittance transfer provider. “(c) Tax limited to cash and similar instruments.—The tax imposed under subsection (a) shall apply only to any remittance transfer for which the sender provides cash, a money order, a cashier's check, or any other similar physical instrument (as determined by the Secretary) to the remittance transfer provider. “(d) Nonapplication to certain noncash remittance transfers.—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any remittance transfer for which the funds being transferred are— “(1) withdrawn from an account held in or by a financial institution— “(A) which is described in subparagraphs (A) through (H) of section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, and “(B) that is subject to the requirements under subchapter II of chapter 53 of such title, or “(2) funded with a debit card or a credit card which is issued in the United States. “(e) Definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The terms ‘remittance transfer’, ‘remittance transfer provider’, and ‘sender’ shall each have the respective meanings given such terms by section 919(g) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–1(g)). “(2) CREDIT CARD.—The term ‘credit card’ has the same meaning given such term under section 920(c)(3) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–2(c)(3)). “(3) DEBIT CARD.—The term ‘debit card’ has the same meaning given such term under section 920(c)(2) of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693o–2(c)(2)), without regard to subparagraph (B) of such section. “(f) Application of anti-conduit rules.—For purposes of section 7701(l), with respect to any multiple-party arrangements involving the sender, a remittance transfer shall be treated as a financing transaction.”. (b) Conforming amendment.—The table of subchapters for chapter 36 is amended by inserting after the item relating to subchapter B the following new item: “SUBCHAPTER C—REMITTANCE TRANSFERS”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers made after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70605. Enforcement provisions with respect to COVID-related employee retention credits. (a) Assessable penalty for failure to comply with due diligence requirements.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Any COVID–ERTC promoter which provides aid, assistance, or advice with respect to any COVID–ERTC document and which fails to comply with due diligence requirements imposed by the Secretary w