n subsection (k), by striking “2025” and inserting “2034”. SEC. 90103. Appropriation for the Office of Management and Budget. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Office of Management and Budget for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $100,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for purposes of finding budget and accounting efficiencies in the executive branch. TITLE X—Committee on the Judiciary subtitle A—Immigration and law enforcement matters PART I—Immigration fees SEC. 100001. Applicability of the immigration laws. (a) Applicability.—The fees under this subtitle shall apply to aliens in the circumstances described in this subtitle. (b) Terms.—The terms used under this subtitle shall have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (c) References to Immigration and Nationality Act.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, any reference in this subtitle to a section or other provision shall be considered to be to a section or other provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). SEC. 100002. Asylum fee. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General, as applicable, shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this section, by any alien who files an application for asylum under section 208 (8 U.S.C. 1158) at the time such application is filed. (b) Initial amount.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (1) $100; or (2) such amount as the Secretary or the Attorney General, as applicable, may establish, by rule. (c) Annual adjustments for inflation.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (1) the amount of the fee required under this section for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (2) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in paragraph (1) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (d) Disposition of asylum fee proceeds.—During each fiscal year— (1) 50 percent of the fees received from aliens filing applications with the Attorney General— (A) shall be credited to the Executive Office for Immigration Review; and (B) may be retained and expended without further appropriation; (2) 50 percent of fees received from aliens filing applications with the Secretary of Homeland Security— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (B) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (C) may be retained and expended without further appropriation; and (3) any amounts received in fees required under this section that were not credited to the Executive Office for Immigration Review pursuant to paragraph (1) or to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (e) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100003. Employment authorization document fees. (a) Asylum applicants.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this subsection, by any alien who files an initial application for employment authorization under section 208(d)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(2)) at the time such initial employment authorization application is filed. (2) INITIAL AMOUNT.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $550; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (3) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this section for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (4) DISPOSITION OF EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION DOCUMENT FEES.—During each fiscal year— (A) 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection— (i) shall be credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services; (ii) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examinations Fee Account established under section 286(m) (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)); and (iii) may be retained and expended by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services without further appropriation, provided that not less than 50 percent is used to detect and prevent immigration benefit fraud; and (B) any amounts collected pursuant to this subsection that are not credited to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (5) NO FEE WAIVER.—Fees required to be paid under this subsection shall not be waived or reduced. (b) Parolees.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this subsection, by any alien paroled into the United States