e under this part under the same selected repayment plan, except that a borrower who selects the Repayment Assistance Plan and also has an excepted loan that is not eligible for repayment under such Repayment Assistance Plan shall repay the excepted loan separately from other loans under this part obtained by the borrower. “(D) CHANGES OF REPAYMENT PLAN.—A borrower may change the borrower’s selection of— “(i) the standard repayment plan under subparagraph (A)(i), or the Secretary’s selection of such plan for the borrower under subparagraph (B), as the case may be, to the Repayment Assistance Plan under subparagraph (A)(ii) at any time; and “(ii) the Repayment Assistance Plan under subparagraph (A)(ii) to the standard repayment plan under subparagraph (A)(i) at any time. “(E) REPAYMENT FOR BORROWERS WITH EXCEPTED LOANS MADE ON OR AFTER JULY 1, 2026.— “(i) STANDARD REPAYMENT PLAN REQUIRED.—Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) through (D), beginning on July 1, 2026, the Secretary shall require a borrower who has received an excepted loan made on or after such date (including such a borrower who also has an excepted loan made before such date) to repay each excepted loan, including principal and interest on those excepted loans, under the standard repayment plan under subparagraph (A)(i). The borrower shall be entitled to accelerate, without penalty, repayment on such loans. “(ii) EXCEPTED LOAN DEFINED.—For the purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘excepted loan’ means a loan with an outstanding balance that is— “(I) a Federal Direct PLUS Loan that is made on behalf of a dependent student; or “(II) a Federal Direct Consolidation Loan, if the proceeds of such loan were used to discharge the liability on— “(aa) an excepted PLUS loan, as defined in section 493C(a)(1); or “(bb) an excepted consolidation loan (as such term is defined in section 493C(a)(2)(A), notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of such section).”. (c) Elimination of authority to provide income contingent repayment plans.— (1) REPEAL.—Subsection (e) of section 455 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(e)) is repealed. (2) FURTHER AMENDMENTS TO ELIMINATE INCOME CONTINGENT REPAYMENT.— (A) Section 428 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078) is amended— (i) in subsection (b)(1)(D), by striking “be subject to income contingent repayment in accordance with subsection (m)” and inserting “be subject to income-based repayment in accordance with subsection (m)”; and (ii) in subsection (m)— (I) in the subsection heading, by striking “Income Contingent and”; (II) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: “(1) AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY TO REQUIRE.—The Secretary may require borrowers who have defaulted on loans made under this part that are assigned to the Secretary under subsection (c)(8) to repay those loans pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C.”; and (III) in the heading of paragraph (2), by striking “income contingent or”. (B) Section 428C of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078–3) is amended— (i) in subsection (a)(3)(B)(i)(V)(aa), by striking “for the purposes of obtaining income contingent repayment or income-based repayment” and inserting “for the purposes of qualifying for an income-based repayment plan under section 455(q) or section 493C, as applicable”; (ii) in subsection (b)(5), by striking “be repaid either pursuant to income contingent repayment under part D of this title, pursuant to income-based repayment under section 493C, or pursuant to any other repayment provision under this section” and inserting “be repaid pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C or any other repayment provision under this section”; and (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking “or by the terms of repayment pursuant to income contingent repayment offered by the Secretary under subsection (b)(5)” and inserting “or by the terms of repayment pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C”; and (II) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking “except as required by the terms of repayment pursuant to income contingent repayment offered by the Secretary under subsection (b)(5)” and inserting “except as required by the terms of repayment pursuant to an income-based repayment plan under section 493C”. (C) Section 485(d)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(d)(1)) is amended by striking “income-contingent and”. (D) Section 494(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1098h(a)(2)) is amended— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking “Income-contingent and income-based” and inserting “Income-based”; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking “income-contingent or”; and (II) in clause (ii)(I), by striking “section 455(e)(8) or the equivalent procedures established under section 493C(c)(2)(B), as applicable” and inserting “section 493C(c)(2)”. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on July 1, 2028. (d) Repayment assistance plan.—Section 455 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(q) Repayment assistance plan.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, beginning on July 1, 2026, the Secretary shall carry out an income-based repayment plan (to be known as the ‘Repayment Assistance Plan’), that shall have the following terms and conditions: “(A) The total monthly repayment amount owed by a borrower for all of the loans of the borrower that are repaid pursuant to the Repayment Assistance Plan shall be equal to the applicable monthly payment of a borrower calculated under paragraph (4)(B), except that the borrower may not be precluded from repaying an amount that exceeds such amount for any month. “(B) Th