 income of any related organization with respect to an educational institution shall be treated as assets and net investment income, respectively, of the educational institution, except that— “(A) no such amount shall be taken into account with respect to more than 1 educational institution, and “(B) unless such organization is controlled by such institution or is described in section 509(a)(3) with respect to such institution for the taxable year, assets and net investment income which are not intended or available for the use or benefit of the educational institution shall not be taken into account. “(2) RELATED ORGANIZATION.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘related organization’ means, with respect to an educational institution, any organization which— “(A) controls, or is controlled by, such institution, “(B) is controlled by 1 or more persons which also control such institution, or “(C) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(3)), or an organization described in section 509(a)(3), during the taxable year with respect to such institution. “(h) Regulations.—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary to prevent avoidance of the tax under this section, including regulations or other guidance to prevent avoidance of such tax through the restructuring of endowment funds or other arrangements designed to reduce or eliminate the value of net investment income or assets subject to the tax imposed by this section.”. (b) Requirement to report certain information with respect to application of excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities.—Section 6033 is amended by redesignating subsection (o) as subsection (p) and by inserting after subsection (n) the following new subsection: “(o) Requirement to report certain information with respect to excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities.—Each applicable educational institution described in section 4968(c) which is subject to the requirements of subsection (a) shall include on the return required under subsection (a)— “(1) the number of tuition-paying students taken into account under section 4968(c), and “(2) the number of students of such institution (determined under the rules of section 4968(e)).”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70416. Expanding application of tax on excess compensation within tax-exempt organizations. (a) In general.—Section 4960(c)(2) is amended to read as follows: “(2) COVERED EMPLOYEE.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any employee of an applicable tax-exempt organization (or any predecessor of such an organization) and any former employee of such an organization (or predecessor) who was such an employee during any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016.”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. subchapter C—Permanent investments in community development SEC. 70421. Permanent renewal and enhancement of opportunity zones. (a) Decennial designations.— (1) DETERMINATION PERIOD.—Section 1400Z-1(c)(2)(B) is amended by striking “beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act” and inserting “beginning on the decennial determination date”. (2) DECENNIAL DETERMINATION DATE.—Section 1400Z-1(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) DECENNIAL DETERMINATION DATE.—The term ‘decennial determination date’ means— “(i) July 1, 2026, and “(ii) each July 1 of the year that is 10 years after the preceding decennial determination date under this subparagraph.”. (3) REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR PUERTO RICO.—Section 1400Z-1(b) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (4) LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF DESIGNATIONS.—Section 1400Z-1(d)(1) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking “and subsection (b)(3)”, and (ii) by inserting “during any period” after “the number of population census tracts in a State that may be designated as qualified opportunity zones under this section”, and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting “during any period” before the period at the end. (5) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (B) PUERTO RICO.—The amendment made by paragraph (3) shall take effect on December 31, 2026. (b) Qualification for designations.— (1) DETERMINATION OF LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES.—Section 1400Z-1(c) is amended by striking all that precedes paragraph (2) and inserting the following: “(c) Other definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) LOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES.—The term ‘low-income community’ means any population census tract if— “(A) such population census tract has a median family income that— “(i) in the case of a population census tract not located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 70 percent of the statewide median family income, or “(ii) in the case of a population census tract located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 70 percent of the metropolitan area median family income, or “(B) such population census tract— “(i) has a poverty rate of at least 20 percent, and “(ii) has a median family income that— “(I) in the case of a population census tract not located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 125 percent of the statewide median family income, or “(II) in the case of a population census tract located within a metropolitan area, does not exceed 125 percent of the metropolitan area median family income.”. (2) REPEAL OF RULE FOR CONTIGUOUS CENSUS TRACTS.—Section 1400Z-1 is amended by striking subsection (e) and by redesignating subsection (