 shall not be treated as made after the date of the enactment of this section to the extent that the proceeds of such loan are used to refinance a loan which was made on or before the date of the enactment of this section (or, in the case of any series of refinancings, the original loan was made on or before such date). “(3) RURAL OR AGRICULTURAL REAL ESTATE.—The term ‘rural or agricultural real estate’ means— “(A) any real property which is substantially used for the production of one or more agricultural products, “(B) any real property which is substantially used in the trade or business of fishing or seafood processing, and “(C) any aquaculture facility. Such term shall not include any property which is not located in a State or a possession of the United States. “(4) AQUACULTURE FACILITY.—The term ‘aquaculture facility’ means any land, structure, or other appurtenance that is used for aquaculture (including any hatchery, rearing pond, raceway, pen, or incubator). “(d) Coordination with section 265.—In the case of any qualified real estate loan, section 265 shall be applied— “(1) by treating any qualified real estate loan for purposes of subsection (a)(2) thereof as an obligation the interest on which is wholly exempt from the taxes imposed by this subtitle, “(2) by substituting ‘25 percent of the interest on indebtedness’ for ‘Interest on indebtedness’ in such subsection (a)(2), “(3) by treating 25 percent of the adjusted basis of any qualified real estate loan as adjusted basis of a tax-exempt obligation described in subsection (b)(4)(B) thereof, and “(4) by substituting ‘25 percent of the amount of such indebtedness’ for ‘the amount of such indebtedness’ in subsection (b)(6)(A)(a)(ii) thereof.”. (b) Clerical amendment.—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 139K the following new item:“Sec. 139L. Interest on loans secured by rural or agricultural real property. ”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70436. Reduction of transfer and manufacturing taxes for certain devices. (a) Transfer tax.—Section 5811(a) is amended to read as follows: “(a) Rate.—There shall be levied, collected, and paid on firearms transferred a tax at the rate of— “(1) $200 for each firearm transferred in the case of a machinegun or a destructive device, and “(2) $0 for any firearm transferred which is not described in paragraph (1).”. (b) Making tax.—Section 5821(a) is amended to read as follows: “(a) Rate.—There shall be levied, collected, and paid upon the making of a firearm a tax at the rate of— “(1) $200 for each firearm made in the case of a machinegun or a destructive device, and “(2) $0 for any firearm made which is not described in paragraph (1).”. (c) Conforming amendment.—Section 4182(a) is amended by adding at the end the following: “For purposes of the preceding sentence, any firearm described in section 5811(a)(2) shall be deemed to be a firearm on which the tax provided by section 5811 has been paid.” (d) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to calendar quarters beginning more than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70437. Treatment of capital gains from the sale of certain farmland property. (a) In general.—Part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by redesignating section 1062 as section 1063 and by inserting after section 1061 the following new section: “SEC. 1062. Gain from the sale or exchange of qualified farmland property to qualified farmers. “(a) Election to pay tax in installments.—In the case of gain from the sale or exchange of qualified farmland property to a qualified farmer, at the election of the taxpayer, the portion of the net income tax of such taxpayer for the taxable year of the sale or exchange which is equal to the applicable net tax liability shall be paid in 4 equal installments. “(b) Rules relating to installment payments.— “(1) DATE FOR PAYMENT OF INSTALLMENTS.—If an election is made under subsection (a), the first installment shall be paid on the due date (determined without regard to any extension of time for filing the return) for the return of tax for the taxable year in which the sale or exchange occurs and each succeeding installment shall be paid on the due date (as so determined) for the return of tax for the taxable year following the taxable year with respect to which the preceding installment was made. “(2) ACCELERATION OF PAYMENT.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—If there is an addition to tax for failure to timely pay any installment required under this section, then the unpaid portion of all remaining installments shall be due on the date of such failure. “(B) INDIVIDUALS.—In the case of an individual, if the individual dies, then the unpaid portion of all remaining installment shall be paid on the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year in which the taxpayer dies. “(C) C CORPORATIONS.—In the case of a taxpayer which is a C corporation, trust, or estate, if there is a liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the taxpayer (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by the taxpayer (in the case of a C corporation), or any similar circumstance, then the unpaid portion of all remaining installments shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the petition is filed). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the sale of substantially all the assets of a taxpayer to a buyer if such buyer enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such buyer is liable for the remaining installments due under this subsection in the same manner as if such b