is subsection in the same manner and with the same terms and conditions as the Secretary awards Federal Pell Grants under this section, except that— “(A) each use of the term ‘eligible program’ (except in subsection (b)(9)(A)) shall be substituted by ‘eligible workforce program under section 481(b)(3)’; “(B) the provisions of subsection (d)(2) shall not be applicable to eligible workforce programs; and “(C) a student who is eligible for a grant equal to less than the amount of the minimum Federal Pell Grant because the eligible workforce program in which the student is enrolled or accepted for enrollment is less than an academic year (in hours of instruction or weeks of duration) may still be eligible for a Workforce Pell Grant in an amount that is prorated based on the length of the program. “(4) PREVENTION OF DOUBLE BENEFITS.—No eligible student described in paragraph (2) may concurrently receive a grant under both this subsection and— “(A) subsection (b); or “(B) subsection (c). “(5) DURATION LIMIT.—Any period of study covered by a Workforce Pell Grant awarded under this subsection shall be included in determining a student’s duration limit under subsection (d)(5).”. (b) Program eligibility for workforce pell grants.—Section 481(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1088(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: “(3) (A) A program is an eligible program for purposes of the Workforce Pell Grant program under section 401(k) only if— “(i) it is a program of at least 150 clock hours of instruction, but less than 600 clock hours of instruction, or an equivalent number of credit hours, offered by an eligible institution during a minimum of 8 weeks, but less than 15 weeks; “(ii) it is not offered as a correspondence course, as defined in 600.2 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on July 1, 2021); “(iii) the Governor of a State, after consultation with the State board, determines that the program— “(I) provides an education aligned with the requirements of high-skill, high-wage (as identified by the State pursuant to section 122 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act (20 U.S.C. 2342)), or in-demand industry sectors or occupations; “(II) meets the hiring requirements of potential employers in the sectors or occupations described in subclause (I); “(III) either— “(aa) leads to a recognized postsecondary credential that is stackable and portable across more than one employer; or “(bb) with respect to students enrolled in the program—“(AA) prepares such students for employment in an occupation for which there is only one recognized postsecondary credential; and“(BB) provides such students with such a credential upon completion of such program; and “(IV) prepares students to pursue 1 or more certificate or degree programs at 1 or more institutions of higher education (which may include the eligible institution providing the program), including by ensuring— “(aa) that a student, upon completion of the program and enrollment in such a related certificate or degree program, will receive academic credit for the Workforce Pell program that will be accepted toward meeting such certificate or degree program requirements; and “(bb) the acceptability of such credit toward meeting such certificate or degree program requirements; and “(iv) after the Governor of such State makes the determination that the program meets the requirements under clause (iii), the Secretary determines that— “(I) the program has been offered by the eligible institution for not less than 1 year prior to the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under this clause; “(II) for each award year, the program has a verified completion rate of at least 70 percent, within 150 percent of the normal time for completion; “(III) for each award year, the program has a verified job placement rate of at least 70 percent, measured 180 days after completion; and “(IV) for each award year, the total amount of the published tuition and fees of the program for such year is an amount that does not exceed the value-added earnings of students who received Federal financial aid under this title and who completed the program 3 years prior to the award year, as such earnings are determined by calculating the difference between— “(aa) the median earnings of such students, as adjusted by the State and metropolitan area regional price parities of the Bureau of Economic Analysis based on the location of such program; and “(bb) 150 percent of the poverty line applicable to a single individual as determined under section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2)) for such year. “(B) In this paragraph: “(i) The term ‘eligible institution’ means an eligible institution for purposes of section 401. “(ii) The term ‘Governor’ means the chief executive of a State. “(iii) The terms ‘in-demand industry sector or occupation’, ‘recognized postsecondary credential’, and ‘State board’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act.”. (c) Effective date; applicability.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on July 1, 2026, and shall apply with respect to award year 2026–2027 and each succeeding award year. SEC. 83003. Pell shortfall. Section 401(b)(7)(A)(iii) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(7)(A)(iii)) is amended by striking “$2,170,000,000” and inserting “$12,670,000,000”. SEC. 83004. Federal Pell Grant exclusion relating to other grant aid. Section 401(d) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: “(6) EXCLUSION.—Beginning on July 1, 2026, and notwithstanding this subsection or subsection (b),