ogram (as defined in section 1861(jjj)(2)) that is located in a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent modification of the Goldsmith Modification, originally published in the Federal Register on February 27, 1992 (57 Fed. Reg. 6725)). “(xii) A certified community behavioral health clinic (as defined in section 1905(jj)(2)) that is located in a rural census tract of a metropolitan statistical area (as determined under the most recent modification of the Goldsmith Modification, originally published in the Federal Register on February 27, 1992 (57 Fed. Reg. 6725)). “(4) NO MATCHING PAYMENT.—A State approved for an allotment under this subsection for a fiscal year shall not be required to provide any matching funds as a condition for receiving payments from the allotment. “(5) TERMS AND CONDITIONS.—The Administrator shall specify such terms and conditions for allotments to States provided under this subsection as the Administrator deems appropriate, including the following: “(A) Each State shall submit to the Administrator (at a time, and in a form and manner, specified by the Administrator)— “(i) a plan for the State to use its allotment to carry out 3 or more of the activities described in paragraph (6); and “(ii) annual reports on the use of allotments, including such additional information as the Administrator determines appropriate. “(B) Not more than 10 percent of the amount allotted to a State for a fiscal year may be used by the State for administrative expenses. “(6) USE OF FUNDS.—Amounts allotted to a State under this subsection shall be used for 3 or more of the following health-related activities: “(A) Promoting evidence-based, measurable interventions to improve prevention and chronic disease management. “(B) Providing payments to health care providers for the provision of health care items or services, as specified by the Administrator. “(C) Promoting consumer-facing, technology-driven solutions for the prevention and management of chronic diseases. “(D) Providing training and technical assistance for the development and adoption of technology-enabled solutions that improve care delivery in rural hospitals, including remote monitoring, robotics, artificial intelligence, and other advanced technologies. “(E) Recruiting and retaining clinical workforce talent to rural areas, with commitments to serve rural communities for a minimum of 5 years. “(F) Providing technical assistance, software, and hardware for significant information technology advances designed to improve efficiency, enhance cybersecurity capability development, and improve patient health outcomes. “(G) Assisting rural communities to right size their health care delivery systems by identifying needed preventative, ambulatory, pre-hospital, emergency, acute inpatient care, outpatient care, and post-acute care service lines. “(H) Supporting access to opioid use disorder treatment services (as defined in section 1861(jjj)(1)), other substance use disorder treatment services, and mental health services. “(I) Developing projects that support innovative models of care that include value-based care arrangements and alternative payment models, as appropriate. “(J) Additional uses designed to promote sustainable access to high quality rural health care services, as determined by the Administrator. “(7) EXEMPTIONS.—Paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), (10), (11), and (12) of subsection (c) do not apply to payments under this subsection. “(8) REVIEW.—There shall be no administrative or judicial review under section 1116 or otherwise of amounts allotted or redistributed to States under this subsection, payments to States withheld or reduced under this subsection, or previous payments recovered from States under this subsection. “(9) HEALTH CARE PROVIDER DEFINED.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘health care provider’ means a provider of services or supplier who is enrolled under this title, title XVIII, or title XIX.”. (b) Conforming amendments.—Title XXI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397aa) is amended— (1) in section 2101— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking “The purpose” and inserting “Except with respect to the rural health transformation program established in section 2105(h), the purpose”; and (B) in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting “subsection (a) or (g) of” before “section 2105”; (2) in section 2105(c)(1), by striking “and may not include” and inserting “or to carry out the rural health transformation program established in subsection (h) and, except in the case of amounts made available under subsection (h), may not include”; and (3) in section 2106(a)(1), by inserting “subsection (a) or (g) of” before “section 2105”. (c) Implementation.—The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services shall implement this section, including the amendments made by this section, by program instruction or other forms of program guidance. (d) Implementation funding.—For the purposes of carrying out the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this section, there are appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services, $200,000,000 for fiscal year 2025, to remain available until expended. subtitle C—Increase in debt limit SEC. 72001. Modification of limitation on the public debt. The limitation under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, as most recently increased by section 401(b) of Public Law 118–5 (31 U.S.C. 3101 note), is increased by $5,000,000,000,000. subtitle D—Unemployment SEC. 73001. Ending unemployment payments to jobless millionaires. (a) Prohibition on use of Federal funds.— (1) IN GENERAL.—No Federal funds may be used— (A) to make payments of u