ss proceeds from the sale of electricity produced by the renewable energy project. (3) MULTIPLE-USE REDUCTION FACTOR.— (A) APPLICATION.—The holder of a right-of-way for a wind energy generation project may request that the Secretary apply a multiple-use reduction factor of 10-percent to the amount of a capacity fee determined under paragraph (2) by submitting to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. (B) APPROVAL.—The Secretary may approve an application submitted under subparagraph (A) only if not less than 25 percent of the land within the area of the right-of-way is authorized for use, occupancy, or development with respect to an activity other than the generation of wind energy for the entirety of the year in which the capacity fee is collected. (C) LATE DETERMINATION.— (i) IN GENERAL.—If the Secretary approves an application under subparagraph (B) for a wind energy generation project after the date on which the holder of the right-of-way for the project begins paying a capacity fee, the Secretary shall apply the multiple-use reduction factor described in subparagraph (A) to the capacity fee for the first year beginning after the date of approval and each year thereafter for the period during which the right-of-way remains in effect. (ii) REFUND.—The Secretary may not refund the holder of a right-of-way for the difference in the amount of a capacity fee paid in a previous year. (d) Late payment fee; termination.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The Secretary may charge the holder of a right-of-way for a renewable energy project a late payment fee if the Secretary does not receive payment for the acreage rent under subsection (b) or the capacity fee under subsection (c) by the date that is 15 days after the date on which the payment was due. (2) TERMINATION OF RIGHT-OF-WAY.—The Secretary may terminate a right-of-way for a renewable energy project if the Secretary does not receive payment for the acreage rent under subsection (b) or the capacity fee under subsection (c) by the date that is 90 days after the date on which the payment was due. SEC. 50303. Renewable energy revenue sharing. (a) Definitions.—In this section: (1) COUNTY.—The term “county” includes a parish, township, borough, and any other similar, independent unit of local government. (2) COVERED LAND.—The term “covered land” means land that is— (A) public land administered by the Secretary; and (B) not excluded from the development of solar or wind energy under— (i) a land use plan; or (ii) other Federal law. (3) NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM.— (A) IN GENERAL.—The term “National Forest System” means land of the National Forest System (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a))) administered by the Secretary of Agriculture. (B) EXCLUSION.—The term “National Forest System” does not include any forest reserve not created from the public domain. (4) PUBLIC LAND.—The term “public land” means— (A) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)); and (B) National Forest System land. (5) RENEWABLE ENERGY PROJECT.—The term “renewable energy project” means a system described in section 2801.9(a)(4) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), located on covered land that uses wind or solar energy to generate energy. (6) SECRETARY.—The term “Secretary” means— (A) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to land controlled or administered by the Secretary of the Interior; and (B) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System land. (b) Disposition of revenue.— (1) DISPOSITION OF REVENUES.—Beginning on January 1, 2026, the amounts collected from a renewable energy project as bonus bids, rentals, fees, or other payments under a right-of-way, permit, lease, or other authorization shall— (A) be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury; and (B) without further appropriation or fiscal year limitation, be allocated as follows: (i) 25 percent shall be paid from amounts in the general fund of the Treasury to the State within the boundaries of which the revenue is derived. (ii) 25 percent shall be paid from amounts in the general fund of the Treasury to each county in a State within the boundaries of which the revenue is derived, to be allocated among each applicable county based on the percentage of county land from which the revenue is derived. (2) PAYMENTS TO STATES AND COUNTIES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Amounts paid to States and counties under paragraph (1) shall be used in accordance with the requirements of section 35 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191). (B) PAYMENTS IN LIEU OF TAXES.—A payment to a county under paragraph (1) shall be in addition to a payment in lieu of taxes received by the county under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code. (C) TIMING.—The amounts required to be paid under paragraph (1)(B) for an applicable fiscal year shall be made available in the fiscal year that immediately follows the fiscal year for which the amounts were collected. SEC. 50304. Rescission of National Park Service and Bureau of Land Management funds. There are rescinded the unobligated balances of amounts made available by the following sections of Public Law 117–169 (commonly known as the “Inflation Reduction Act of 2022”) (136 Stat. 1818): (1) Section 50221 (136 Stat. 2052). (2) Section 50222 (136 Stat. 2052). (3) Section 50223 (136 Stat. 2052). SEC. 50305. Celebrating America's 250th anniversary. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior (acting through the Director of the National Park Service) for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $150,000,000 for events, celebrations, and acti