ST MONTHS.—In the case of a month that begins before verification prescribed by subparagraph (A), such month shall be treated as a coverage month if the Exchange verifies for such month (using applicable enrollment information that shall be provided or verified by the applicant) such individual's eligibility to have so enrolled and for any such advance payment. “(D) EXCHANGE PARTICIPATION; COORDINATION WITH OTHER PROCEDURES FOR DETERMINING ELIGIBILITY.—An individual shall not, solely by reason of failing to meet the requirements of this paragraph with respect to a month, be treated for such month as ineligible to enroll in a qualified health plan through an Exchange. “(E) WAIVER FOR CERTAIN SPECIAL ENROLLMENT PERIODS.—The Secretary may waive the application of subparagraph (A) in the case of an individual who enrolls in a qualified health plan through an Exchange for 1 or more months of the taxable year during a special enrollment period provided by the Exchange on the basis of a change in the family size of the individual. “(F) INFORMATION AND RELIANCE ON THIRD-PARTY SOURCES.—An Exchange shall be permitted to use any data available to the Exchange and any reliable third-party sources in collecting information for verification by the applicant. “(6) EXCHANGE COMPLIANCE WITH FILING REQUIREMENTS.—The term ‘coverage month’ shall not include, with respect to any individual covered by a qualified health plan enrolled in through an Exchange, any month for which the Exchange does not meet the requirements of section 155.305(f)(4)(iii) of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (as published in the Federal Register on June 25, 2025 (90 Fed. Reg. 27074), applied as though it applied to all plan years after 2025), with respect to the individual.”. (b) Pre-enrollment verification process required.—Section 36B(c)(3)(A) is amended— (1) by striking “health plan.—The term” and inserting “health plan.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—The term”, and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: “(ii) PRE-ENROLLMENT VERIFICATION PROCESS REQUIRED.—Such term shall not include any plan enrolled in through an Exchange, unless such Exchange provides a process for pre-enrollment verification through which any applicant may, beginning not later than August 1, verify with the Exchange the applicant's household income and eligibility for enrollment in such plan for plan years beginning in the subsequent year.”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2027. SEC. 71304. Disallowing premium tax credit in case of certain coverage enrolled in during special enrollment period. (a) In general.—Section 36B(c)(3)(A), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: “(iii) EXCEPTION IN CASE OF CERTAIN SPECIAL ENROLLMENT PERIODS.—Such term shall not include any plan enrolled in during a special enrollment period provided for by an Exchange— “(I) on the basis of the relationship of the individual's expected household income to such a percentage of the poverty line (or such other amount) as is prescribed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services for purposes of such period, and “(II) not in connection with the occurrence of an event or change in circumstances specified by the Secretary of Health and Human Services for such purposes.”. (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to plan years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 71305. Eliminating limitation on recapture of advance payment of premium tax credit. (a) In general.—Section 36B(f)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (B). (b) Conforming amendments.— (1) Section 36B(f)(2) is amended by striking “advance payments.—” and all that follows through “If the advance payments” and inserting the following: “advance payments.—If the advance payments”. (2) Section 35(g)(12)(B)(ii) is amended by striking “then section 36B(f)(2)(B) shall be applied by substituting the amount determined under clause (i) for the amount determined under section 36B(f)(2)(A)” and inserting “then the amount determined under clause (i) shall be substituted for the amount determined under section 36B(f)(2)”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. subchapter C—Enhancing choice for patients SEC. 71306. Permanent extension of safe harbor for absence of deductible for telehealth services. (a) In general.—Subparagraph (E) of section 223(c)(2) is amended to read as follows: “(E) SAFE HARBOR FOR ABSENCE OF DEDUCTIBLE FOR TELEHEALTH.—A plan shall not fail to be treated as a high deductible health plan by reason of failing to have a deductible for telehealth and other remote care services.”. (b) Certain coverage disregarded.—Clause (ii) of section 223(c)(1)(B) is amended by striking “(in the case of months or plan years to which paragraph (2)(E) applies)”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2024. SEC. 71307. Allowance of bronze and catastrophic plans in connection with health savings accounts. (a) In general.—Section 223(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(H) BRONZE AND CATASTROPHIC PLANS TREATED AS HIGH DEDUCTIBLE HEALTH PLANS.—The term ‘high deductible health plan’ shall include any plan which is— “(i) available as individual coverage through an Exchange established under section 1311 or 1321 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and “(ii) described in subsection (d)(1)(A) or (e) of section 1302 of such Act.”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 71308. Treatment of direct primary care service arrangements. (a) In general.—Secti