ective date.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2026. (2) EXCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME.—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to amounts received after December 31, 2026, in taxable years ending after such date. SEC. 70412. Exclusion for employer payments of student loans. (a) In general.—Section 127(c)(1)(B) is amended by striking “in the case of payments made before January 1, 2026,”. (b) Inflation adjustment.—Section 127 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e), and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: “(d) Inflation adjustment.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2026, both of the $5,250 amounts in subsection (a)(2) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— “(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by “(B) the cost-of-living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2025’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. “(2) ROUNDING.—If any increase under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50.”. (c) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to payments made after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70413. Additional expenses treated as qualified higher education expenses for purposes of 529 accounts. (a) In general.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 529(c)(7) is amended to read as follows: “(7) TREATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY TUITION.—Any reference in this section to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to the following expenses in connection with enrollment or attendance at, or for students enrolled at or attending, an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school: “(A) Tuition. “(B) Curriculum and curricular materials. “(C) Books or other instructional materials. “(D) Online educational materials. “(E) Tuition for tutoring or educational classes outside of the home, including at a tutoring facility, but only if the tutor or instructor is not related to the student and— “(i) is licensed as a teacher in any State, “(ii) has taught at an eligible educational institution, or “(iii) is a subject matter expert in the relevant subject. “(F) Fees for a nationally standardized norm-referenced achievement test, an advanced placement examination, or any examinations related to college or university admission. “(G) Fees for dual enrollment in an institution of higher education. “(H) Educational therapies for students with disabilities provided by a licensed or accredited practitioner or provider, including occupational, behavioral, physical, and speech-language therapies.”. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to distributions made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) Increase in limitation.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The last sentence of section 529(e)(3) is amended by striking “$10,000” and inserting “$20,000”. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70414. Certain postsecondary credentialing expenses treated as qualified higher education expenses for purposes of 529 accounts. (a) In general.—Section 529(e)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) CERTAIN POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIALING EXPENSES.—The term ‘qualified higher education expenses’ includes qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses (as defined in subsection (f)).”. (b) Qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses.—Section 529 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: “(f) Qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified postsecondary credentialing expenses’ means— “(A) tuition, fees, books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in a recognized postsecondary credential program, or any other expense incurred in connection with enrollment in or attendance at a recognized postsecondary credential program if such expense would, if incurred in connection with enrollment or attendance at an eligible educational institution, be covered under subsection (e)(3)(A), “(B) fees for testing if such testing is required to obtain or maintain a recognized postsecondary credential, and “(C) fees for continuing education if such education is required to maintain a recognized postsecondary credential. “(2) RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL PROGRAM.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary credential program’ means any program to obtain a recognized postsecondary credential if— “(A) such program is included on a State list prepared under section 122(d) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3152(d)), “(B) such program is listed in the public directory of the Web Enabled Approval Management System (WEAMS) of the Veterans Benefits Administration, or successor directory such program, “(C) an examination (developed or administered by an organization widely recognized as providing reputable credentials in the occupation) is required to obtain or maintain such credential and such organization recognizes such program as providing training or education which prepares individuals to take such examination, or “(D) such program is identified by the Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Labor, as being a reputable program for obtaining a recognized postsecondary credential for purposes of this subparagraph. “(3) RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecond