uyer were the taxpayer. “(3) PRORATION OF DEFICIENCY TO INSTALLMENTS.—If an election is made under subsection (a) to pay the applicable net tax liability in installments and a deficiency has been assessed with respect to such applicable net tax liability, the deficiency shall be prorated to the installments payable under subsection (a). The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for payment of which has not arrived shall be collected at the same time as, and as a part of, such installment. The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for payment of which has arrived shall be paid upon notice and demand from the Secretary. This section shall not apply if the deficiency is due to negligence, to intentional disregard of rules and regulations, or to fraud with intent to evade tax. “(c) Election.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Any election under subsection (a) shall be made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a). “(2) PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS.—In the case of a sale or exchange described in subsection (a) by a partnership or S corporation, the election under subsection (a) shall be made at the partner or shareholder level. The Secretary may prescribe such regulations or other guidance as necessary to carry out the purposes of this paragraph. “(d) Definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) APPLICABLE NET TAX LIABILITY.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The applicable net tax liability with respect to the sale or exchange of any property described in subsection (a) is the excess (if any) of— “(i) such taxpayer's net income tax for the taxable year, over “(ii) such taxpayer's net income tax for such taxable year determined without regard to any gain recognized from the sale or exchange of such property. “(B) NET INCOME TAX.—The term ‘net income tax’ means the regular tax liability reduced by the credits allowed under subparts A, B, and D of part IV of subchapter A. “(2) QUALIFIED FARMLAND PROPERTY.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified farmland property’ means real property located in the United States— “(i) which— “(I) has been used by the taxpayer as a farm for farming purposes, or “(II) leased by the taxpayer to a qualified farmer for farming purposes, during substantially all of the 10-year period ending on the date of the qualified sale or exchange, and “(ii) which is subject to a covenant or other legally enforceable restriction which prohibits the use of such property other than as a farm for farming purposes for any period before the date that is 10 years after the date of the sale or exchange described in subsection (a). For purposes of clause (i), property which is used or leased by a partnership or S corporation in a manner described in such clause shall be treated as used or leased in such manner by each person who holds a direct or indirect interest in such partnership or S corporation. “(B) FARM; FARMING PURPOSES.—The terms ‘farm’ and ‘farming purposes’ have the respective meanings given such terms under section 2032A(e). “(3) QUALIFIED FARMER.—The term ‘qualified farmer’ means any individual who is actively engaged in farming (within the meaning of subsections (b) and (c) of section 1001 of the Food Security Act of 1986 (7 U.S.C. 1308–1(b) and (c))). “(e) Return requirement.—A taxpayer making an election under subsection (a) shall include with the return for the taxable year of the sale or exchange described in subsection (a) a copy of the covenant or other legally enforceable restriction described in subsection (d)(2)(A)(ii).”. (b) Clerical amendment.—The table of sections for part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended by redesignating the item relating to section 1062 as relating to section 1063 and by inserting after the item relating to section 1061 the following new item:“Sec. 1062. Gain from the sale or exchange of qualified farmland property to qualified farmers.”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales or exchanges in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70438. Extension of rules for treatment of certain disaster-related personal casualty losses. For purposes of applying section 304(b) of the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020 (division EE of Public Law 116–260), section 301 of such Act shall be applied by substituting the date of the enactment of this section for “the date of the enactment of this Act” each place it appears. SEC. 70439. Restoration of taxable REIT subsidiary asset test. (a) In general.—Section 856(c)(4)(B)(ii) is amended by striking “20 percent” and inserting “25 percent”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. CHAPTER 5—ENDING GREEN NEW DEAL SPENDING, PROMOTING AMERICA-FIRST ENERGY, AND OTHER REFORMS subchapter A—Termination of Green New Deal subsidies SEC. 70501. Termination of previously-owned clean vehicle credit. Section 25E(g) is amended by striking “December 31, 2032” and inserting “September 30, 2025”. SEC. 70502. Termination of clean vehicle credit. (a) In general.—Section 30D(h) is amended by striking “placed in service after December 31, 2032” and inserting “acquired after September 30, 2025”. (b) Conforming amendments.—Section 30D(e) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B)— (A) in clause (iii), by inserting “and” after the comma at the end, (B) in clause (iv), by striking “, and” and inserting a period, and (C) by striking clause (v), and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by inserting “and” after the comma at the end, (B) in clause (iii), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period, and (C) by striking clauses (iv) through (vi). SEC. 70503. Termination of qualified commercial clean vehicles credit. Se