nd security efforts for purposes of— (A) ending the presence of criminal gangs and criminal organizations throughout the United States; (B) addressing crime and public safety threats; (C) combating human smuggling and trafficking networks throughout the United States; (D) supporting immigration enforcement activities; and (E) providing reimbursement for State and local participation in such efforts. (8) REMOVAL OF SPECIFIED UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Funding removal operations for specified unaccompanied alien children. (B) USE OF FUNDS.—Amounts made available under this paragraph shall only be used for permitting a specified unaccompanied alien child to withdraw the application for admission of the child pursuant to section 235(a)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(a)(4)). (C) DEFINITIONS.—In this paragraph: (i) SPECIFIED UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILD.—The term “specified unaccompanied alien child” means an unaccompanied alien child (as defined in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) who the Secretary of Homeland Security determines on a case-by-case basis— (I) has been found by an immigration officer at a land border or port of entry of the United States and is inadmissible under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.); (II) has not been a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons, and there is no credible evidence that such child is at risk of being trafficked upon return of the child to the child's country of nationality or country of last habitual residence; and (III) does not have a fear of returning to the child’s country of nationality or country of last habitual residence owing to a credible fear of persecution. (ii) SEVERE FORMS OF TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS.—The term “severe forms of trafficking in persons” has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). (9) EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF CRIMINAL ALIENS.—Funding for the expedited removal of criminal aliens, in accordance with the provisions of section 235(b)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)). (10) REMOVAL OF CERTAIN CRIMINAL ALIENS WITHOUT FURTHER HEARINGS.—Funding for the removal of certain criminal aliens without further hearings, in accordance with the provisions of section 235(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(c)). (11) CRIMINAL AND GANG CHECKS FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN.—Funding for criminal and gang checks of unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) who are 12 years of age and older, including the examination of such unaccompanied alien children for gang-related tattoos and other gang-related markings. (12) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.—Information technology investments to support immigration purposes, including improvements to fee and revenue collections. SEC. 100052. Appropriation for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $29,850,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the following purposes: (1) HIRING AND TRAINING.—Hiring and training additional U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel, including officers, agents, investigators, and support staff, to carry out immigration enforcement activities and prioritizing and streamlining the hiring of retired U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel. (2) PERFORMANCE, RETENTION, AND SIGNING BONUSES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Providing performance, retention, and signing bonuses for qualified U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel in accordance with this subsection. (B) PERFORMANCE BONUSES.—The Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, at the Director’s discretion, may provide performance bonuses to any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, officer, or attorney who demonstrates exemplary service. (C) RETENTION BONUSES.—The Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement may provide retention bonuses to any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, officer, or attorney who commits to 2 years of additional service with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to carry out immigration enforcement activities. (D) SIGNING BONUSES.—The Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement may provide a signing bonus to any U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent, officer, or attorney who— (i) is hired on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (ii) who commits to 5 years of service with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to carry out immigration enforcement activities. (E) SERVICE AGREEMENT.—In providing a retention or signing bonus under this paragraph, the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall provide each qualifying individual with a written service agreement that includes— (i) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provisions for the determination of such dates); (ii) the amount of the bonus; and (iii) any other term or condition under which the bonus is payable, subject to the requirements of this paragraph, including— (I) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been completed; and (II) the effect of a termination described in subclause (I). (3) RECRUITMENT, HIRING, AND ONBOARDING.—Facilitating the recruitment, hiring, and onboarding of additional U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement personnel to carry out immigration enforcement activities, including by— (A) investing in information technology, recruitment, and marketing; and (B) hiring staff necessary to carry out information technology, recrui