1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified general contribution’ means any contribution which— “(A) is made by the Secretary pursuant to a general funding contribution, “(B) is made to the Trump account of an account beneficiary in the qualified class of account beneficiaries specified in the general funding contribution, and “(C) is in an amount which is equal to the ratio of— “(i) the amount of such general funding contribution, to “(ii) the number of account beneficiaries in such qualified class. “(2) GENERAL FUNDING CONTRIBUTION.—The term ‘general funding contribution’ means a contribution which— “(A) is made by— “(i) an entity described in section 170(c)(1) (other than a possession of the United States or a political subdivision thereof) or an Indian tribal government, or “(ii) an organization described in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), and “(B) which specifies a qualified class of account beneficiaries to whom such contribution is to be distributed. “(3) QUALIFIED CLASS.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified class’ means any of the following: “(i) All account beneficiaries who have not attained the age of 18 before the close of the calendar year in which the contribution is made. “(ii) All account beneficiaries who have not attained the age of 18 before the close of the calendar year in which the contribution is made and who reside in one or more States or other qualified geographic areas specified by the terms of the general funding contribution. “(iii) All account beneficiaries who have not attained the age of 18 before the close of the calendar year in which the contribution is made and who were born in one or more calendar years specified by the terms of the general funding contribution. “(B) QUALIFIED GEOGRAPHIC AREA.—The term ‘qualified geographic area’ means any geographic area in which not less than 5,000 account beneficiaries reside and which is designated by the Secretary as a qualified geographic area under this subparagraph. “(g) Trustee selection.—In the case of any Trump account created or organized by the Secretary, the Secretary shall take into account the following criteria in selecting the trustee: “(1) The history of reliability and regulatory compliance of the trustee. “(2) The customer service experience of the trustee. “(3) The costs imposed by the trustee on the account or the account beneficiary. “(h) Other special rules and coordination with individual retirement account rules.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The rules of subsections (k) and (p) of section 408 shall not apply to a Trump account, and the rules of subsections (d) and (i) of section 408 shall not apply to a Trump account for any taxable year beginning before the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(2) CUSTODIAL ACCOUNTS.—In the case of a Trump account, section 408(h) shall be applied by substituting ‘a Trump account described in section 530A(b)(1)’ for ‘an individual retirement account described in subsection (a)’. “(3) CONTRIBUTIONS.—In the case of any taxable year beginning before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18, a contribution to a Trump account shall not be taken into account in applying any contribution limit to any individual retirement plan other than a Trump account. “(4) DISTRIBUTIONS.—Section 408(d)(2) shall be applied separately with respect to Trump Accounts and other individual retirement plans. “(5) EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS.—For purposes of applying section 4973(b) to a Trump account for any taxable year beginning before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18, the term ‘excess contributions’ means the sum of— “(A) the amount by which the amount contributed to the account for the calendar year in which taxable year begins exceeds the amount permitted to be contributed to the account under subsection (c)(2), and “(B) the amount determined under this paragraph for the preceding taxable year. For purposes of this paragraph, the excess contributions for a taxable year are reduced by the distributions to which subsection (d)(5) applies that are made during the taxable year or by the date prescribed by law (including extensions of time) for filing the account beneficiary’s return for the taxable year. “(i) Reports.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The trustee of a Trump account shall make such reports regarding such account to the Secretary and to the beneficiary of the account at such time and in such manner as may be required by the Secretary. Such reports shall include information with respect to— “(A) contributions (including the amount and source of any contribution in excess of $25 made from a person other than the Secretary, the account beneficiary, or the parent or legal guardian of the account beneficiary), “(B) distributions (including distributions which are qualified rollover contributions), “(C) the fair market value of the account, “(D) the investment in the contract with respect to such account, and “(E) such other matters as the Secretary may require. “(2) QUALIFIED ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTIONS.—Not later than 30 days after the date of any qualified rollover contribution, the trustee of the Trump account to which the contribution was made shall make a report to the Secretary. Such report shall include— “(A) the name, address, and social security number of the account beneficiary, “(B) the name and address of such trustee, “(C) the account number, “(D) the routing number of the trustee, and “(E) such other information as the Secretary may require. “(3) PERIOD OF REPORTING.—This subsection shall not apply to any period after the calendar year in which the beneficiary attains age 17.”. (2) QUALIFIED ABLE ROLLOVER CONTRIBUTIONS EXEMPT FROM ABLE CONTRIBUTION LIMITATION.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Section 529A(b)(2)(B) i