 drug described in paragraph (3)(A)’ or ‘the first day after the date of such licensure for which such biological product is not a biological product described in paragraph (3)(A)’, respectively.”. (b) Application.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to initial price applicability years (as defined in section 1191(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320f(b))) beginning on or after January 1, 2028. CHAPTER 3—HEALTH TAX subchapter A—Improving eligibility criteria SEC. 71301. Permitting premium tax credit only for certain individuals. (a) In general.—Section 36B(e)(1) is amended by inserting “or, in the case of aliens who are lawfully present, are not eligible aliens” after “individuals who are not lawfully present”. (b) Eligible aliens.—Section 36B(e)(2) is amended— (1) by striking “For purposes of this section, an individual” and inserting “For purposes of this section— “(A) IN GENERAL.—An individual”, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B) ELIGIBLE ALIENS.—An individual who is an alien and lawfully present shall be treated as an eligible alien if such individual is, and is reasonably expected to be for the entire period of enrollment for which the credit under this section is being claimed— “(i) an alien who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), “(ii) an alien who has been granted the status of Cuban and Haitian entrant, as defined in section 501(e) of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–422); or “(iii) an individual who lawfully resides in the United States in accordance with a Compact of Free Association referred to in section 402(b)(2)(G) of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1612(b)(2)(G)).”. (c) Conforming amendments.— (1) VERIFICATION OF INFORMATION.—Section 1411 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18081) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking “and section 36B(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986”; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking “and” at the end; (II) in subparagraph (B), by adding “and” at the end; and (III) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) in the case such individual is an alien lawfully present in the United States, whether such individual is an eligible alien (within the meaning of section 36B(e)(2) of such Code);”; (B) in subsection (b)(3), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(D) IMMIGRATION STATUS.—In the case the individual's eligibility is based on an attestation of the enrollee's immigration status, an attestation that such individual is an eligible alien (within the meaning of 36B(e)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986).”; and (C) in subsection (c)(2)(B)(ii), by adding at the end the following new subclause: “(III) In the case of an individual described in clause (i)(I) with respect to whom a premium tax credit under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is being claimed, the attestation that the individual is an eligible alien (within the meaning of section 36B(e)(2) of such Code).”. (2) ADVANCE DETERMINATIONS.—Section 1412(d) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18082(d)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: “, or credits under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for aliens who are not eligible aliens (within the meaning of section 36B(e)(2) of such Code)”. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with respect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2027. (d) Requirement to maintain minimum essential coverage.—Section 5000A(d)(3) is amended by striking “an alien lawfully present in the United States” and inserting “an eligible alien (within the meaning of section 36B(e)(2))”. (e) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section (other than the amendments made by subsection (c)) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2026. SEC. 71302. Disallowing premium tax credit during periods of medicaid ineligibility due to alien status. (a) In general.—Section 36B(c)(1) is amended by striking subparagraph (B). (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. subchapter B—Preventing waste, fraud, and abuse SEC. 71303. Requiring verification of eligibility for premium tax credit. (a) In general.—Section 36B(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: “(5) EXCHANGE ENROLLMENT VERIFICATION REQUIREMENT.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘coverage month’ shall not include, with respect to any individual covered by a qualified health plan enrolled in through an Exchange, any month beginning before the Exchange verifies, using applicable enrollment information that shall be provided or verified by the applicant, such individual's eligibility— “(i) to enroll in the plan through the Exchange, and “(ii) for any advance payment under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of the credit allowed under this section. “(B) APPLICABLE ENROLLMENT INFORMATION.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), applicable enrollment information shall include affirmation of at least the following information (to the extent relevant in determining eligibility described in subparagraph (A)): “(i) Household income and family size. “(ii) Whether the individual is an eligible alien. “(iii) Any health coverage status or eligibility for coverage. “(iv) Place of residence. “(v) Such other information as may be determined by the Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services) as necessary to the verification prescribed under subparagraph (A). “(C) VERIFICATION OF PA