receding year. (III) Individual, family, and household poverty rates. (IV) Median family income of residents of the population census tract. (V) Demographic information on residents of the population census tract, including age, income, education, race, and employment. (VI) The average percentage of income of residents of the population census tract spent on rent annually. (VII) The number of residences in the population census tract. (VIII) The rate of home ownership in the population census tract. (IX) The average value of residential property in the population census tract. (X) The number of affordable housing units in the population census tract. (XI) The number of new business starts in the population census tract. (XII) The distribution of employees in the population census tract by North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code. (5) PROTECTION OF IDENTIFIABLE RETURN INFORMATION.—In making reports required under this subsection, the Secretary— (A) shall establish appropriate procedures to ensure that any amounts reported do not disclose taxpayer return information that can be associated with any particular taxpayer or competitive or proprietary information, and (B) if necessary to protect taxpayer return information, may combine information required with respect to individual population census tracts into larger geographic areas. (6) DEFINITIONS.—Any term used in this subsection which is also used in subchapter Z of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall have the meaning given such term under such subchapter. (7) REPORTS ON QUALIFIED RURAL OPPORTUNITY FUNDS.—The Secretary shall make publicly available, with respect to qualified rural opportunity funds, separate reports as required under this subsection, applied— (A) by substituting “qualified rural opportunity” for “qualified opportunity” each place it appears, (B) by substituting a reference to this Act for “Public Law 115–97”, and (C) by treating any reference (after the application of subparagraph (A)) to qualified rural opportunity zone stock, qualified rural opportunity zone partnership interest, qualified rural opportunity zone business, or qualified opportunity zone business property as stock, interest, business, or property, respectively, described in subclause (I) or (II), as the case may be, of section 1400Z–2(b)(2)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. SEC. 70422. Permanent enhancement of low-income housing tax credit. (a) Permanent State housing credit ceiling increase for low-income housing credit.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 42(h)(3)(I) is amended— (A) by striking “2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021,” and inserting “beginning after December 31, 2025,”, (B) by striking “1.125” and inserting “1.12”, and (C) by striking “2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021” in the heading and inserting “calendar years after 2025”. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2025. (b) Tax-exempt bond financing requirement.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 42(h)(4) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: “(B) SPECIAL RULE WHERE MINIMUM PERCENT OF BUILDINGS IS FINANCED WITH TAX-EXEMPT BONDS SUBJECT TO VOLUME CAP.—For purposes of subparagraph (A), paragraph (1) shall not apply to any portion of the credit allowable under subsection (a) with respect to a building if— “(i) 50 percent or more of the aggregate basis of such building and the land on which the building is located is financed by 1 or more obligations described in subparagraph (A), or “(ii) (I) 25 percent or more of the aggregate basis of such building and the land on which the building is located is financed by 1 or more obligations described in subparagraph (A), and “(II) 1 or more of such obligations— “(aa) are part of an issue the issue date of which is after December 31, 2025, and “(bb) provide the financing for not less than 5 percent of the aggregate basis of such building and the land on which the building is located.”. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (A) IN GENERAL.—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to buildings placed in service in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. (B) REHABILITATION EXPENDITURES TREATED AS SEPARATE NEW BUILDING.—In the case of any building with respect to which any expenditures are treated as a separate new building under section 42(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, for purposes of subparagraph (A), both the existing building and the separate new building shall be treated as having been placed in service on the date such expenditures are treated as placed in service under section 42(e)(4) of such Code. SEC. 70423. Permanent extension of new markets tax credit. (a) In general.—Section 45D(f)(1)(H) is amended by striking “for for each of calendar years 2020 through 2025” and inserting “ for each calendar year after 2019”. (b) Carryover of unused limitation.—Section 45D(f)(3) is amended— (1) by striking “If the” and inserting the following: “(A) IN GENERAL.—If the”, and (2) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: “(B) LIMITATION.—No amount may be carried under subparagraph (A) to any calendar year afer the fifth calendar year after the calendar year in which the excess described in such subparagraph occurred. For purposes of this subparagraph, any excess described in subparagraph (A) with respect to any calendar year before 2026 shall be treated as occurring in calendar year 2025.”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70424. Permanent and expanded reinstatement of partial deduction for charitable contributions of individuals who do not elect to itemize. (a) In general.—Section 170(p) is amended— (1) by striking “$300 ($600” and inserting “$1,000 ($2,000”, and (2) by striking “beginning 