 for any initial application for employment authorization at the time such initial application is filed. Each initial employment authorization shall be valid for a period of 1 year or for the duration of the alien’s parole, whichever is shorter. (2) INITIAL AMOUNT.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $550; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (3) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this subsection shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (4) DISPOSITION OF PAROLEE EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION APPLICATION FEES.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (5) NO FEE WAIVER.—Fees required to be paid under this subsection shall not be waived or reduced. (c) Temporary protected status.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this subsection, by any alien who files an initial application for employment authorization under section 244(a)(1)(B) (8 U.S.C. 1254a(a)(1)(B)) at the time such initial application is filed. Each initial employment authorization shall be valid for a period of 1 year, or for the duration of the alien’s temporary protected status, whichever is shorter. (2) INITIAL AMOUNT.—During fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $550; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (3) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this subsection shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (4) DISPOSITION OF EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION APPLICATION FEES COLLECTED FROM ALIENS GRANTED TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (5) NO FEE WAIVER.—Fees required to be paid under this subsection shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100004. Immigration parole fee. (a) In general.—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in this section and in addition to any other fee authorized by law, by any alien who is paroled into the United States. (b) Exceptions.—An alien shall not be subject to the fee otherwise required under subsection (a) if the alien establishes, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Homeland Security, on an individual, case-by-case basis, that the alien is being paroled because— (1) (A) the alien has a medical emergency; and (B) (i) the alien cannot obtain necessary treatment in the foreign state in which the alien is residing; or (ii) the medical emergency is life-threatening and there is insufficient time for the alien to be admitted to the United States through the normal visa process; (2) (A) the alien is the parent or legal guardian of an alien described in paragraph (1); and (B) the alien described in paragraph (1) is a minor; (3) (A) the alien is needed in the United States to donate an organ or other tissue for transplant; and (B) there is insufficient time for the alien to be admitted to the United States through the normal visa process; (4) (A) the alien has a close family member in the United States whose death is imminent; and (B) the alien could not arrive in the United States in time to see such family member alive if the alien were to be admitted to the United States through the normal visa process; (5) (A) the alien is seeking to attend the funeral of a close family member; and (B) the alien could not arrive in the United States in time to attend such funeral if the alien were to be admitted to the United States through the normal visa process; (6) the alien is an adopted child— (A) who has an urgent medical condition; (B) who is in the legal custody of the petitioner for a final adoption-related visa; and (C) whose medical treatment is required before the expected award of a final adoption-related visa; (7) the alien— (A) is a lawful applicant for adjustment of status under section 245 (8 U.S.C. 1255); and (B) is returning to the United States after temporary travel abroad; (8) the alien— (A) has been returned to a contiguous country pursuant to section 235(b)(2)(C) (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(2)(C)); and (B) is being paroled into the United States to allow the alien to attend the alien’s immigration hearing; (9) the alien has been granted the status of Cuban and Haitian entrant (as defined in section 501(e) of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–422; 8 U.S.C. 1522 note); or (10) the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that a significant public benefit has resulted or will result fr