NERAL.—In applying this subsection— “(i) the limitation under paragraph (1) shall apply to business interest without regard to whether the taxpayer would otherwise deduct such business interest or capitalize such business interest under an interest capitalization provision, and “(ii) any reference in this subsection to a deduction for business interest shall be treated as including a reference to the capitalization of business interest. “(B) AMOUNT ALLOWED APPLIED FIRST TO CAPITALIZED INTEREST.—The amount allowed after taking into account the limitation described in paragraph (1)— “(i) shall be applied first to the aggregate amount of business interest which would otherwise be capitalized, and “(ii) the remainder (if any) shall be applied to the aggregate amount of business interest which would be deducted. “(C) TREATMENT OF DISALLOWED INTEREST CARRIED FORWARD.—No portion of any business interest carried forward under paragraph (2) from any taxable year to any succeeding taxable year shall, for purposes of this title (including any interest capitalization provision which previously applied to such portion) be treated as interest to which an interest capitalization provision applies. “(D) INTEREST CAPITALIZATION PROVISION.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘interest capitalization provision’ means any provision of this subtitle under which interest— “(i) is required to be charged to capital account, or “(ii) may be deducted or charged to capital account.”. (b) Certain capitalized interest not treated as business interest.—Section 163(j)(5) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: “Such term shall not include any interest which is capitalized under section 263(g) or 263A(f).”. (c) Regulatory authority.—Section 163(j), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating paragraphs (11) and (12) as paragraphs (12) and (13) and by inserting after paragraph (10) the following: “(11) REGULATORY AUTHORITY.—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection, including regulations or guidance to determine which business interest is taken into account under this subsection and section 59A(c)(3).”. (d) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70342. Definition of adjusted taxable income for business interest limitation. (a) In general.—Subparagraph (A) of section 163(j)(8) is amended— (1) by striking “and” at the end of clause (iv), and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: “(vi) the amounts included in gross income under sections 951(a), 951A(a), and 78 (and the portion of the deductions allowed under sections 245A(a) (by reason of section 964(e)(4)) and 250(a)(1)(B) by reason of such inclusions), and”. (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. PART V—Other international tax reforms SEC. 70351. Permanent extension of look-thru rule for related controlled foreign corporations. (a) In general.—Section 954(c)(6)(C) is amended by striking “and before January 1, 2026,”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70352. Repeal of election for 1-month deferral in determination of taxable year of specified foreign corporations. (a) In general.—Section 898(c) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of specified foreign corporations beginning after November 30, 2025. (c) Transition rule.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In the case of a corporation that is a specified foreign corporation as of November 30, 2025, such corporation’s first taxable year beginning after such date shall end at the same time as the first required year (within the meaning of section 898(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) ending after such date. If any specified foreign corporation is required by the amendments made by this section to change its taxable year for its first taxable year beginning after November 30, 2025— (A) such change shall be treated as initiated by such corporation, (B) such change shall be treated as having been made with the consent of the Secretary, and (C) the Secretary shall issue regulations or other guidance for allocating foreign taxes that are paid or accrued in such first taxable year and the succeeding taxable year among such taxable years in the manner the Secretary determines appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section. (2) SECRETARY.—For purposes of this subsection, the term “Secretary” means the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary's delegate. SEC. 70353. Restoration of limitation on downward attribution of stock ownership in applying constructive ownership rules. (a) In general.—Section 958(b) is amended— (1) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: “(4) Subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 318(a)(3) shall not be applied so as to consider a United States person as owning stock which is owned by a person who is not a United States person.”, and (2) by striking “Paragraph (1)” in the last sentence and inserting “Paragraphs (1) and (4)”. (b) Foreign controlled United States shareholders.—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 951A the following new section: “SEC. 951B. Amounts included in gross income of foreign controlled United States shareholders. “(a) In general.—In the case of any foreign controlled United States shareholder of a foreign controlled foreign corporation— “(1) this subpart (other than sections 951A, 951(b), and 957) shall be applied with respect to such shareholder (separately fr