f typical law enforcement operation costs; (B) directly attributable to the provision of protection described in this section; and (C) associated with a nongovernmental property designated pursuant to section 3 or 4 of the Presidential Protection Assistance Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–524; 18 U.S.C. 3056 note) to be secured by the United States Secret Service; and (3) certifies to the Administrator as compensating protection activities requested by the United States Secret Service. (c) Terms and conditions.—The Federal Emergency Management Agency may use not more than 3 percent of the funds made available under this section for the purpose of administering grants provided for in this section. SEC. 90007. Department of Homeland Security appropriations for border support. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there are appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $10,000,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for reimbursement of costs incurred in undertaking activities in support of the Department of Homeland Security’s mission to safeguard the borders of the United States. subtitle B—Governmental affairs provisions SEC. 90101. FEHB improvements. (a) Short title.—This section may be cited as the “FEHB Protection Act of 2025”. (b) Definitions.—In this section: (1) DIRECTOR.—The term “Director” means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. (2) HEALTH BENEFITS PLAN; MEMBER OF FAMILY.—The terms “health benefits plan” and “member of family” have the meanings given those terms in section 8901 of title 5, United States Code. (3) OPEN SEASON.—The term “open season” means an open season described in section 890.301(f) of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. (4) PROGRAM.—The term “Program” means the health insurance programs carried out under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, including the program carried out under section 8903c of that title. (5) QUALIFYING LIFE EVENT.—The term “qualifying life event” has the meaning given the term in section 892.101 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. (c) Verification requirements.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall issue regulations and implement a process to verify— (1) the veracity of any qualifying life event through which an enrollee in the Program seeks to add a member of family with respect to the enrollee to a health benefits plan under the Program; and (2) that, when an enrollee in the Program seeks to add a member of family with respect to the enrollee to the health benefits plan of the enrollee under the Program, including during any open season, the individual so added is a qualifying member of family with respect to the enrollee. (d) Fraud risk assessment.—In any fraud risk assessment conducted with respect to the Program on or after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall include an assessment of individuals who are enrolled in, or covered under, a health benefits plan under the Program even though those individuals are not eligible to be so enrolled or covered. (e) Family member eligibility verification audit.— (1) IN GENERAL.—During the 3-year period beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall carry out a comprehensive audit regarding members of family who are covered under an enrollment in a health benefits plan under the Program. (2) CONTENTS.—With respect to the audit carried out under paragraph (1), the Director shall review marriage certificates, birth certificates, and other appropriate documents that are necessary to determine eligibility to enroll in a health benefits plan under the Program. (f) Disenrollment or removal.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall develop a process by which any individual enrolled in, or covered under, a health benefits plan under the Program who is not eligible to be so enrolled or covered shall be disenrolled or removed from enrollment in, or coverage under, that health benefits plan. (g) Earned benefits and health care administrative services associated oversight and audit funding.—Section 8909 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: “, except that the amounts required to be set aside under subsection (b)(2) shall not be subject to the limitations that may be specified annually by Congress”; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: “(2) In fiscal year 2026, $66,000,000, to be derived from all contributions, and to remain available until the end of fiscal year 2035, for the Director of the Office to carry out subsections (c) through (f) of the FEHB Protection Act of 2025.”. SEC. 90102. Pandemic Response Accountability Committee. (a) Pandemic response accountability committee funding availability.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated for fiscal year 2026, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $88,000,000, to remain available until expended, for the Pandemic Response Accountability Committee to support oversight of the Coronavirus response and of funds provided in this Act or any other Act pertaining to the Coronavirus pandemic. (b) CARES Act.—Section 15010 of the CARES Act (Public Law 116–136; 134 Stat. 533) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(6)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking “or” at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking “and” at the end and inserting “or”; and (C) by adding at the end the following: “(G) the Act titled ‘An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14’; and”; and (2) i