(B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (c) Exception.—The fee described in this section shall not apply to any alien who was ordered removed in absentia if such order was rescinded pursuant to section 240(b)(5)(C) (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(5)(C)). (d) Disposition of removal in absentia fees.—During each fiscal year— (1) 50 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this section— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; (B) shall be deposited into the Detention and Removal Office Fee Account; and (C) may be retained and expended by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement without further appropriation; and (2) any amounts collected pursuant to this section that are not credited to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (e) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100017. Inadmissible alien apprehension fee. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b), by any inadmissible alien at the time such alien is apprehended between ports of entry. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (A) $5,000; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (c) Disposition of inadmissible alien apprehension fees.—During each fiscal year— (1) 50 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this section— (A) shall be credited to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement; (B) shall be deposited into the Detention and Removal Office Fee Account; and (C) may be retained and expended by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement without further appropriation; and (2) any amounts collected pursuant to this section that are not credited to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (d) Disposition of inadmissible alien apprehension fees.—All of the fees collected pursuant to this section shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. SEC. 100018. Amendment to authority to apply for asylum. Section 208(d)(3) (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(3)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking “may” and inserting “shall”; (2) by striking “Such fees shall not exceed” and all that follows and inserting the following: “Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to limit the authority of the Attorney General to set additional adjudication and naturalization fees in accordance with section 286(m).”. PART II—Immigration and law enforcement funding SEC. 100051. Appropriation for the Department of Homeland Security. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $2,055,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the following purposes: (1) IMMIGRATION AND ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES.—Hiring and training of additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents, and the necessary support staff, to carry out immigration enforcement activities. (2) DEPARTURES AND REMOVALS.—Funding for transportation costs and related costs associated with the departure or removal of aliens. (3) PERSONNEL ASSIGNMENTS.—Funding for the assignment of Department of Homeland Security employees and State officers to carry out immigration enforcement activities pursuant to sections 103(a) and 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1103(a) and 1357(g)). (4) BACKGROUND CHECKS.—Hiring additional staff and investing the necessary resources to enhance screening and vetting of all aliens seeking entry into United States, consistent with section 212 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182), or intending to remain in the United States, consistent with section 237 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227). (5) PROTECTING ALIEN CHILDREN FROM EXPLOITATION.—In instances of aliens and alien children entering the United States without a valid visa, funding is provided for the purposes of— (A) collecting fingerprints, in accordance with section 262 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1302) and subsections (a)(3) and (b) of section 235 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1225); and (B) collecting DNA, in accordance with sections 235(d) and 287(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(d) and 1357(b)). (6) TRANSPORTING AND RETURN OF ALIENS FROM CONTIGUOUS TERRITORY.—Transporting and facilitating the return, pursuant to section 235(b)(2)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(2)(C)), of aliens arriving from contiguous territory. (7) STATE AND LOCAL PARTICIPATION.—Funding for State and local participation in homela