ch the return under subsection (a) was required to be made. “(d) Definitions.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—Terms used in this section which are also used in paragraph (4) of section 163(h) shall have the same meaning as when used in such paragraph. “(2) SPECIFIED PASSENGER VEHICLE LOAN.—The term ‘specified passenger vehicle loan’ means the indebtedness described in section 163(h)(4)(B) with respect to any applicable passenger vehicle. “(e) Regulations.—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regulations or other guidance to prevent the duplicate reporting of information under this section. “(f) Applicability.—No return shall be required under this section for any period to which section 163(h)(4) does not apply.”. (2) PENALTIES.—Section 6724(d) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking “or” at the end of clause (xxvii), by striking “and” at the end of clause (xxviii) and inserting “or”, and by adding at the end the following new clause: “(xxix) section 6050AA(a) (relating to returns relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals),”, and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking “or” at the end of subparagraph (KK), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (LL) and inserting “, or”, and by inserting after subparagraph (LL) the following new subparagraph: “(MM) section 6050AA(c) (relating to statements relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals).”. (d) Conforming amendments.— (1) Section 56(e)(1)(B) is amended by striking “section 163(h)(4)” and inserting “section 163(h)(5)”. (2) The table of sections for subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by adding at the end the following new item:“Sec. 6050AA. Returns relating to applicable passenger vehicle loan interest received in trade or business from individuals. ”. (e) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to indebtedness incurred after December 31, 2024. SEC. 70204. Trump accounts and contribution pilot program. (a) Trump accounts.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Subchapter F of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: “PART IX—Trump accounts “Sec. 530A. Trump accounts. “SEC. 530A. Trump accounts. “(a) General rule.—Except as provided in this section or under regulations or guidance established by the Secretary, a Trump account shall be treated for purposes of this title in the same manner as an individual retirement account under section 408(a). “(b) Trump account.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘Trump account’ means an individual retirement account (as defined in section 408(a)) which is not designated as a Roth IRA and which meets the following requirements: “(A) The account— “(i) is created or organized by the Secretary for the exclusive benefit of an eligible individual or such eligible individual's beneficiaries, or “(ii) is— “(I) created or organized in the United States for the exclusive benefit of an individual who has not attained the age of 18 before the end of the calendar year, or such individual's beneficiaries, and “(II) funded by a qualified rollover contribution. “(B) The account is designated (in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) at the time of the establishment of the account as a Trump account. “(C) The written governing instrument creating the account meets the following requirements: “(i) No contribution will be accepted— “(I) before the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of this section, or “(II) in the case of a contribution made in any calendar year before the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18, if such contribution would result in aggregate contributions (other than exempt contributions) for such calendar year in excess of the contribution limit specified in subsection (c)(2)(A). “(ii) Except as provided in subsection (d), no distribution will be allowed before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(iii) No part of the account funds will be invested in any asset other than an eligible investment during any period before the first day of the calendar year in which the account beneficiary attains age 18. “(2) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL.—The term ‘eligible individual’ means any individual— “(A) who has not attained the age of 18 before the close of the calendar year in which the election under subparagraph (C) is made, “(B) for whom a social security number (within the meaning of section 24(h)(7)) has been issued before the date on which an election under subsection (C) is made, and “(C) for whom— “(i) an election is made under this subparagraph by the Secretary if the Secretary determines (based on information available to the Secretary from tax returns or otherwise) that such individual meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) and no prior election has been made for such individual under clause (ii), or “(ii) an election is made under this subparagraph by a person other than the Secretary (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may prescribe) for the establishment of a Trump account if no prior election has been made for such individual under clause (i). “(3) ELIGIBLE INVESTMENT.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘eligible investment’ means any mutual fund or exchange traded fund which— “(i) tracks the returns of a qualified index, “(ii) does not use leverage, “(iii) does not have annual fees and expenses of more than 0.1 percent of the balance of the investment in the fund, and “(iv) meets such other criteria as the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this section. “(B) QUALIFIED INDEX.