he preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10. (3) DISPOSITION OF FEES FOR FILING APPLICATION FOR CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL.—During each fiscal year— (A) not more than 25 percent of the fees collected pursuant to this subsection— (i) shall be derived by transfer from the Immigration Examinations Fee Account under section 286(n) (8 U.S.C. 1356(n)); and (ii) shall be credited to the Executive Office for Immigration Review to retain and spend without further appropriation; and (B) any amounts not derived by transfer and credited pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (k) Limitation on use of funds.—No fees collected pursuant to this section may be expended by the Executive Office for Immigration Review for the Legal Orientation Program, or for any successor program. SEC. 100014. Electronic System for Travel Authorization fee. Section 217(h)(3)(B) (8 U.S.C. 1187(h)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking “and” at the end; (B) in subclause (II)— (i) by inserting “of not less than $10” after “an amount”; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting “; and”; and (C) by adding at the end the following: “(III) not less than $13 per travel authorization.”; (2) in clause (iii), by striking “October 31, 2028” and inserting “October 31, 2034”; and (3) by adding at the end the following: “(iv) SUBSEQUENT ADJUSTMENT.—During fiscal year 2026 and each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in clause (i)(II) for a fiscal year shall be equal to the sum of— “(I) the amount of the fee required under this subparagraph during the most recently concluded fiscal year; and “(II) the product of the amount referred to in subclause (I) multiplied by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year.”. SEC. 100015. Electronic Visa Update System fee. (a) In general.—In addition to any other fee authorized by law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall require the payment of a fee, in the amount specified in subsection (b), by any alien subject to the Electronic Visa Update System at the time of such alien’s enrollment in such system. (b) Amount specified.— (1) IN GENERAL.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this subsection shall be the greater of— (A) $30; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026 and each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this subsection shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection during the most recently concluded fiscal year; and (B) the product resulting from the multiplication of the amount referred to in subparagraph (A) by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of July preceding the date on which such adjustment takes effect exceeds the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the same month of the preceding calendar year, rounded to the next lowest multiple of $0.25. (c) Disposition of electronic visa update system fees.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 286 (8 U.S.C. 1356) is amended by adding at the end the following: “(w) CBP electronic visa update system account.— “(1) ESTABLISHMENT.—There is established in the general fund of the Treasury a separate account, which shall be known as the ‘CBP Electronic Visa Update System Account’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Account’). “(2) DEPOSITS.—There shall be deposited into the Account an amount equal to the difference between— “(A) all of the fees received pursuant to section 100015 of the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14’ (119th Congress); and “(B) an amount equal to $5 multiplied by the number of payments collected pursuant to such section. “(3) APPROPRIATION.—Amounts deposited in the Account— “(A) are hereby appropriated to make payments and offset program costs in accordance with section 100015 of the Act entitled ‘An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of H. Con. Res. 14’ (119th Congress), without further appropriation; and “(B) shall remain available until expended for any U.S. Customs and Border Protection costs associated with administering the CBP Electronic Visa Update System.”. (2) REMAINING FEES.—Of the fees collected pursuant to this section, an amount equal to $5 multiplied by the number of payments collected pursuant to this section shall be deposited to the general fund of the Treasury. (d) No fee waiver.—Fees required to be paid under this section shall not be waived or reduced. SEC. 100016. Fee for aliens ordered removed in absentia. (a) In general.—As partial reimbursement for the cost of arresting an alien described in this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, except as provided in subsection (c), shall require the payment of a fee, equal to the amount specified in subsection (b) on any alien who— (1) is ordered removed in absentia pursuant to section 240(b)(5) (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(5)); and (2) is subsequently arrested by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. (b) Amount specified.— (1) INITIAL AMOUNT.—For fiscal year 2025, the amount specified in this section shall be the greater of— (A) $5,000; or (B) such amount as the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish, by rule. (2) ANNUAL ADJUSTMENTS FOR INFLATION.—During fiscal year 2026, and during each subsequent fiscal year, the amount specified in this section shall be equal to the sum of— (A) the amount of the fee required under this subsection for the most recently concluded fiscal year; and 