ng at the end the following new subparagraph: “(C) QUALIFIED SOUND RECORDING PRODUCTION.—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to so much of the aggregate cost of any qualified sound recording production, or to so much of the aggregate, cumulative cost of all such qualified sound recording productions in the taxable year, as exceeds $150,000.”. (c) No other deduction or amortization deduction allowable.—Section 181(b) is amended by striking “qualified film or television production or any qualified live theatrical production” and inserting “qualified film or television production, any qualified live theatrical production, or any qualified sound recording production”. (d) Election.—Section 181(c)(1) is amended by striking “qualified film or television production or any qualified live theatrical production” and inserting “qualified film or television production, any qualified live theatrical production, or any qualified sound recording production”. (e) Qualified sound recording production defined.—Section 181 is amended by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: “(f) Qualified sound recording production.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified sound recording production’ means a sound recording (as defined in section 101 of title 17, United States Code) produced and recorded in the United States.”. (f) Application of termination.—Section 181(h), as redesignated by subsection (e), is amended by striking “qualified film and television productions or qualified live theatrical productions” and inserting “qualified film and television productions, qualified live theatrical productions, or qualified sound recording productions”. (g) Bonus depreciation.— (1) QUALIFIED SOUND RECORDING PRODUCTION AS QUALIFIED PROPERTY.—Section 168(k)(2)(A)(i) is amended— (A) by striking “or” at the end of subclause (IV), by inserting “or” at the end of subclause (V), and by inserting after subclause (V) the following: “(VI) which is a qualified sound recording production (as defined in subsection (f) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (h) of such section or this subsection, and”, and (B) in subclauses (IV) and (V) (as so amended) by striking “without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g)” both places it appears and inserting “without regard to subsections (a)(2) and (h)”. (2) PRODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE.—Section 168(k)(2)(H) is amended by striking “and” at the end of clause (i), by striking the period at the end of clause (ii) and inserting “, and”, and by adding after clause (ii) the following: “(iii) a qualified sound recording production shall be considered to be placed in service at the time of initial release or broadcast.”. (h) Conforming amendments.— (1) The heading for section 181 is amended to read as follows: “treatment of certain qualified productions.”. (2) The table of sections for part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 181 and inserting the following new item:“Sec. 181. Treatment of certain qualified productions. ”. (i) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to productions commencing in taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70435. Exclusion of interest on loans secured by rural or agricultural real property. (a) In general.—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by inserting after section 139K the following new section: “SEC. 139L. Interest on loans secured by rural or agricultural real property. “(a) In general.—Gross income shall not include 25 percent of the interest received by a qualified lender on any qualified real estate loan. “(b) Qualified lender.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified lender’ means— “(1) any bank or savings association the deposits of which are insured under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.), “(2) any State- or federally-regulated insurance company, “(3) any entity wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by a company that is treated as a bank holding company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3106) if— “(A) such entity is organized, incorporated, or established under the laws of the United States or any State, and “(B) the principal place of business of such entity is in the United States (including any territory of the United States), “(4) any entity wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by a company that is considered an insurance holding company under the laws of any State if such entity satisfies the requirements described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), and “(5) with respect to interest received on a qualified real estate loan secured by real estate described in subsection (c)(3)(A), any federally chartered instrumentality of the United States established under section 8.1(a) of the Farm Credit Act of 1971 (12 U.S.C. 2279aa-1(a)). “(c) Qualified real estate loan.—For purposes of this section— “(1) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘qualified real estate loan’ means any loan— “(A) secured by— “(i) rural or agricultural real estate, or “(ii) a leasehold mortgage (with a status as a lien) on rural or agricultural real estate, “(B) made to a person other than a specified foreign entity (as defined in section 7701(a)(51)), and “(C) made after the date of the enactment of this section. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the determination of whether property securing such loan is rural or agricultural real estate shall be made as of the time the interest income on such loan is accrued. “(2) REFINANCINGS.—For purposes of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of paragraph (1), a loan