tment, and marketing activities. (4) TRANSPORTATION.—Funding for transportation costs and related costs associated with alien departure or removal operations. (5) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.—Funding for information technology investments to support enforcement and removal operations, including improvements to fee collections. (6) FACILITY UPGRADES.—Funding for facility upgrades to support enforcement and removal operations. (7) FLEET MODERNIZATION.—Funding for fleet modernization to support enforcement and removal operations. (8) FAMILY UNITY.—Promoting family unity by— (A) maintaining the care and custody, during the period in which a charge described in clause (i) is pending, in accordance with applicable laws, of an alien who— (i) is charged only with a misdemeanor offense under section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)); and (ii) entered the United States with the alien’s child who has not attained 18 years of age; and (B) detaining such an alien with the alien’s child. (9) 287(g) AGREEMENTS.—Expanding, facilitating, and implementing agreements under section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)). (10) VICTIMS OF IMMIGRATION CRIME ENGAGEMENT OFFICE.—Hiring and training additional staff to carry out the mission of the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Office and for providing nonfinancial assistance to the victims of crimes perpetrated by aliens who are present in the United States without authorization. (11) OFFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL LEGAL ADVISOR.—Hiring additional attorneys and the necessary support staff within the Office of the Principal Legal Advisor to represent the Department of Homeland Security in immigration enforcement and removal proceedings. SEC. 100053. Appropriation for Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. (a) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $750,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2029, for the purposes described in subsections (b) and (c). (b) Training.—Not less than $285,000,000 of the amounts available under subsection (a) shall be for supporting the training of newly hired Federal law enforcement personnel employed by the Department of Homeland Security and State and local law enforcement agencies operating in support of the Department of Homeland Security. (c) Facilities.—Not more than $465,000,000 of the amounts available under subsection (a) shall be for procurement, construction and maintenance of, improvements to, training equipment for, and related expenses, of facilities of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers. SEC. 100054. Appropriation for the Department of Justice. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Attorney General for the Department of Justice for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $3,330,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the following purposes: (1) EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Hiring immigration judges and necessary support staff for the Executive Office for Immigration Review to address the backlog of petitions, cases, and removals. (B) STAFFING LEVEL.—Effective November 1, 2028, the Executive Office for Immigration Review shall be comprised of not more than 800 immigration judges, along with the necessary support staff. (2) COMBATING DRUG TRAFFICKING.—Funding efforts to combat drug trafficking (including trafficking of fentanyl and its precursor chemicals) and illegal drug use. (3) PROSECUTION OF IMMIGRATION MATTERS.—Funding efforts to investigate and prosecute immigration matters, gang-related crimes involving aliens, child trafficking and smuggling involving aliens within the United States, unlawful voting by aliens, violations of the Alien Registration Act, 1940 (54 Stat., chapter 439), and violations of or fraud relating to title IV of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–193; 110 Stat. 2277), including hiring additional Department of Justice personnel to investigate and prosecute such matters. (4) NONPARTY OR OTHER INJUNCTIVE RELIEF.—Hiring additional attorneys and necessary support staff for the purpose of continuing implementation of assignments by the Attorney General pursuant to sections 516, 517, and 518 of title 28, United States Code, to conduct litigation and attend to the interests of the United States in suits pending in a court of the United States or in a court of a State in suits seeking nonparty or other injunctive relief against the Federal Government. (5) EDWARD BYRNE MEMORIAL JUSTICE ASSISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM AND OFFICE OF COMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Increasing funding for the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program and the Office of Community Oriented Policing for initiatives associated with— (i) investigating and prosecuting violent crime; (ii) criminal enforcement initiatives; and (iii) immigration enforcement and removal efforts. (B) LIMITATIONS.—No funds made available under this subsection shall be made available to community violence intervention and prevention initiative programs. (C) ELIGIBILITY.—To be eligible to receive funds made available under this subsection, a State or local government shall be in full compliance, as determined by the Attorney General, with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373). (6) FISCALLY RESPONSIBLE LAWSUIT SETTLEMENTS.—Hiring additional attorneys and necessary support staff for the purpose of maximizing lawsuit settlements that require the payment of fines and penalties to the Treasury of the United States in lieu of providing for the payment to any person or entity othe