on 223(c)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(E) TREATMENT OF DIRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICE ARRANGEMENTS.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—A direct primary care service arrangement shall not be treated as a health plan for purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii). “(ii) DIRECT PRIMARY CARE SERVICE ARRANGEMENT.—For purposes of this subparagraph— “(I) IN GENERAL.—The term ‘direct primary care service arrangement’ means, with respect to any individual, an arrangement under which such individual is provided medical care (as defined in section 213(d)) consisting solely of primary care services provided by primary care practitioners (as defined in section 1833(x)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act, determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof), if the sole compensation for such care is a fixed periodic fee. “(II) LIMITATION.—With respect to any individual for any month, such term shall not include any arrangement if the aggregate fees for all direct primary care service arrangements (determined without regard to this subclause) with respect to such individual for such month exceed $150 (twice such dollar amount in the case of an individual with any direct primary care service arrangement (as so determined) that covers more than one individual). “(iii) CERTAIN SERVICES SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDED FROM TREATMENT AS PRIMARY CARE SERVICES.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘primary care services’ shall not include— “(I) procedures that require the use of general anesthesia, “(II) prescription drugs (other than vaccines), and “(III) laboratory services not typically administered in an ambulatory primary care setting. The Secretary, after consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall issue regulations or other guidance regarding the application of this clause.”. (b) Direct primary care service arrangement fees treated as medical expenses.—Section 223(d)(2)(C) is amended by striking “or” at the end of clause (iii), by striking the period at the end of clause (iv) and inserting “, or”, and by adding at the end the following new clause: “(v) any direct primary care service arrangement.”. (c) Inflation adjustment.—Section 223(g)(1) is amended— (1) by striking “in subsections (b)(2) and (c)(2)(A)” and inserting “in subsections (b)(2), (c)(2)(A), and in the case of taxable years beginning after 2026, (c)(1)(E)(ii)(II)”, (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking “clause (ii)” in clause (i) and inserting “clauses (ii) and (iii)”, by striking “and” at the end of clause (i), by striking the period at the end of clause (ii) and inserting “, and”, and by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause: “(iii) in the case of the dollar amount in subsection (c)(1)(E)(ii)(II), ‘calendar year 2025’.”, and (3) by inserting “, (c)(1)(E)(ii)(II),” after “(b)(2)” in the last sentence. (d) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2025. CHAPTER 4—PROTECTING RURAL HOSPITALS AND PROVIDERS SEC. 71401. Rural Health Transformation Program. (a) In general.—Section 2105 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(h) Rural health transformation program.— “(1) APPROPRIATION.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—There are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Administrator’), to provide allotments to States for purposes of carrying out the activities described in paragraph (6)— “(i) $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2026; “(ii) $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2027; “(iii) $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2028; “(iv) $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2029; and “(v) $10,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2030. “(B) UNEXPENDED OR UNOBLIGATED FUNDS.— “(i) IN GENERAL.—Any amounts appropriated under subparagraph (A) that are unexpended or unobligated as of October 1, 2032, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. “(ii) REDISTRIBUTION OF UNEXPENDED OR UNOBLIGATED FUNDS.—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Administrator shall, not later than March 31, 2028, and annually thereafter through March 31, 2032, determine the amount of funds, if any, that are available under such subparagraph for a previous fiscal year, are unexpended or unobligated with respect to such fiscal year, and will not be available to a State in the current fiscal year, pursuant to clause (iii). “(iii) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.— “(I) IN GENERAL.—Amounts allotted to a State under this subsection for a year shall be available for expenditure by the State through the end of the fiscal year following the fiscal year in which such amounts are allotted. “(II) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS REDISTRIBUTED.—Amounts redistributed to a State under clause (ii) with respect to a fiscal year shall be available for expenditure by the State through the end of the fiscal year following the fiscal year in which such amounts are redistributed (except in the case of amounts redistributed in fiscal year 2032 which shall only be available for expenditure through September 30, 2032). “(iv) MISUSE OF FUNDS.—If the Administrator determines that a State is not using amounts allotted or redistributed to the State under this subsection in a manner consistent with the description provided by the State in its application approved under paragraph (2), the Administrator may withhold payments to, or reduce payments to, or recover previous payments from, the State under this subsection as the Administrator deems appropriate, and any amounts so withheld, or that remain after any such reduction, or so recovered, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States. “(2) APPLICATION.— “(A) IN GENERAL.—To be eligible for an allotment under this subsect