r than the United States, other than a payment that provides restitution or otherwise directly remedies actual harm directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment, or constitutes payment for services rendered in connection with the case. (7) COMPENSATION FOR INCARCERATION OF CRIMINAL ALIENS.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Providing compensation to a State or political subdivision of a State for the incarceration of criminal aliens. (B) USE OF FUNDS.—The amounts made available under subparagraph (A) shall only be used to compensate a State or political subdivision of a State, as appropriate, with respect to the incarceration of an alien who— (i) has been convicted of a felony or 2 or more misdemeanors; and (ii) (I) entered the United States without inspection or at any time or place other than as designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security; (II) was the subject of removal proceedings at the time the alien was taken into custody by the State or a political subdivision of the State; or (III) was admitted as a nonimmigrant and, at the time the alien was taken into custody by the State or a political subdivision of the State, has failed to maintain the nonimmigrant status in which the alien was admitted, or to which it was changed, or to comply with the conditions of any such status. (C) LIMITATION.—Amounts made available under this subsection shall be distributed to more than 1 State. The amounts made available under subparagraph (A) may not be used to compensate any State or political subdivision of a State if the State or political subdivision of the State prohibits or in any way restricts a Federal, State, or local government entity, official, or other personnel from doing any of the following: (i) Complying with the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). (ii) Assisting or cooperating with Federal law enforcement entities, officials, or other personnel regarding the enforcement of the immigration laws. (iii) Undertaking any of the following law enforcement activities as such activities relate to information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, the inadmissibility or deportability, and the custody status, of any individual: (I) Making inquiries to any individual to obtain such information regarding such individual or any other individuals. (II) Notifying the Federal Government regarding the presence of individuals who are encountered by law enforcement officials or other personnel of a State or political subdivision of a State. (III) Complying with requests for such information from Federal law enforcement entities, officials, or other personnel. SEC. 100055. Bridging Immigration-related Deficits Experienced Nationwide Reimbursement Fund. (a) Establishment.—There is established within the Department of Justice a fund, to be known as the “Bridging Immigration-related Deficits Experienced Nationwide (BIDEN) Reimbursement Fund” (referred to in this section as the “Fund”). (b) Use of funds.—The Attorney General shall use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Fund for grants to eligible States, State agencies, and units of local government, pursuant to their existing statutory authorities, for any of the following purposes: (1) Locating and apprehending aliens who have committed a crime under Federal, State, or local law, in addition to being unlawfully present in the United States. (2) Collection and analysis of law enforcement investigative information within the United States to counter gang or other criminal activity. (3) Investigating and prosecuting— (A) crimes committed by aliens within the United States; and (B) drug and human trafficking crimes committed within the United States. (4) Court operations related to the prosecution of— (A) crimes committed by aliens; and (B) drug and human trafficking crimes. (5) Temporary criminal detention of aliens. (6) Transporting aliens described in paragraph (1) within the United States to locations related to the apprehension, detention, and prosecution of such aliens. (7) Vehicle maintenance, logistics, transportation, and other support provided to law enforcement agencies by a State agency to enhance the ability to locate and apprehend aliens who have committed crimes under Federal, State, or local law, in addition to being unlawfully present in the United States. (c) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available for the purposes described in subsection (b), there is appropriated to the Attorney General for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, not to exceed $3,500,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, for the Fund for qualified and documented expenses that achieve any such purpose. (d) Grant eligibility of completed, ongoing, or new activities.—The Attorney General may provide grants under this section to State agencies and units of local government for expenditures made by State agencies or units of local government for completed, ongoing, or new activities determined to be eligible for such grant funding that occurred on or after January 20, 2021. Amounts made available under this section shall be distributed to more than 1 State. SEC. 100056. Appropriation for the Bureau of Prisons. (a) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Director of the Bureau of Prisons for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $5,000,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2029, for the purposes described in subsections (b) and (c). (b) Salaries and benefits.—Not less than $3,000,000,000 of the amounts made available under subsection (a) shall be for hiring and training of new employees, including correctional officers, medical professionals, and facilities and maintenance employees, the necessary support staff, and for additional fundin