eginning before January 1, 2025. (f) Transition rules.— (1) ELECTION FOR RETROACTIVE APPLICATION BY CERTAIN SMALL BUSINESSES.— (A) IN GENERAL.—At the election of an eligible taxpayer, paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (e) shall each be applied by substituting “December 31, 2021” for “December 31, 2024”. An election made under this subparagraph shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may provide and not later than the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The taxpayer shall file an amended return for each taxable year affected by such election. (B) ELIGIBLE TAXPAYER.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term “eligible taxpayer” means any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2024. (C) ELECTION TREATED AS CHANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING.—In the case of any taxpayer which elects the application of subparagraph (A)— (i) such election may be treated as a change in method of accounting for purposes of section 481 of such Code for the taxpayer’s first taxable year affected by such election, (ii) such change shall be treated as initiated by the taxpayer for such taxable year, (iii) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (iv) subsection (c) shall not apply to such taxpayer. (D) ELECTION REGARDING COORDINATION WITH RESEARCH CREDIT.—An election under section 280C(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (or revocation of such election) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2021, by an eligible taxpayer making an election under subparagraph (A) shall not fail to be treated as timely made (or as made on the return) if made during the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act on an amended return for such taxable year. (2) ELECTION TO DEDUCT CERTAIN UNAMORTIZED AMOUNTS PAID OR INCURRED IN TAXABLE YEARS BEGINNING BEFORE JANUARY 1, 2025.— (A) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any domestic research or experimental expenditures (as defined in section 174A, as added by subsection (a)) which are paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021, and before January 1, 2025, and which was charged to capital account, a taxpayer may elect— (i) to deduct any remaining unamortized amount with respect to such expenditures in the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2024, or (ii) to deduct such remaining unamortized amount with respect to such expenditures ratably over the 2-taxable year period beginning with the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2024. (B) CHANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING.—In the case of a taxpayer who makes an election under this paragraph— (i) such taxpayer shall be treated as initiating a change in method of accounting for purposes of section 481 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to the expenditures to which the election applies, (ii) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (iii) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for such expenditures and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made. (C) REGULATIONS.—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall publish such guidance or regulations as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of this paragraph, including regulations or guidance allowing for the deduction allowed under subparagraph (A) in the case of taxpayers with taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024, and ending before the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70303. Modification of limitation on business interest. (a) In general.—Section 163(j)(8)(A)(v) is amended by striking “in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2022,”. (b) Floor plan financing applicable to certain trailers and campers.—Section 163(j)(9)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new flush sentence:“Such term shall also include any trailer or camper which is designed to provide temporary living quarters for recreational, camping, or seasonal use and is designed to be towed by, or affixed to, a motor vehicle.”. (c) Effective date and special rule.— (1) IN GENERAL.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR SHORT TAXABLE YEARS.—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary's delegate) may prescribe such rules as are necessary or appropriate to provide for the application of the amendments made by this section in the case of any taxable year of less than 12 months that begins after December 31, 2024, and ends before the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 70304. Extension and enhancement of paid family and medical leave credit. (a) In general.—Section 45S is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: “(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of section 38, in the case of an eligible employer, the paid family and medical leave credit is an amount equal to either of the following (as elected by such employer): “(A) The applicable percentage of the amount of wages paid to qualifying employees with respect to any period in which such employees are on family and medical leave. “(B) If such employer has an insurance policy with regards to the provision of paid family and medical leave which is in force during the taxable year, the applicable percentage of the total amount of premiums paid or incurred by such employer during such taxable year with respect to such insurance policy.”, and (B) by adding at the end the following: “(3) RATE OF PAYMENT DETERMINED WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER LEAVE IS TAKEN.—For purposes of determining the applicable percentage with respect to paragraph (1)(B), the rate of payment under the insurance policy shall be determined without r