IRED TO BE SENT TO OTHER TAXPAYERS.—Section 6724(d)(2), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended— (i) by striking “or” at the end of subparagraph (LL), (ii) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (MM) and inserting a comma, and (iii) by inserting after subparagraph (MM) the following new subparagraphs:“(NN) section 6039K(c) (relating to disposition of qualified opportunity fund investments), or“(OO) section 6039L (relating to information required from certain qualified opportunity zone businesses and qualified rural opportunity zone businesses).”. (3) ELECTRONIC FILING.—Section 6011(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: “(8) QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUNDS AND QUALIFIED RURAL OPPORTUNITY FUNDS.—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), any return filed by a qualified opportunity fund or qualified rural opportunity fund under section 6039K shall be filed on magnetic media or other machine-readable form.”. (4) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS.— (A) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6039J the following new items:“Sec. 6039K. Returns with respect to qualified opportunity funds and qualified rural opportunity funds. “Sec. 6039L. Information required from qualified opportunity zone businesses and qualified rural opportunity zone businesses.”. (B) The table of sections for part II of subchapter B of chapter 68 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6725 the following new item:“Sec. 6726. Failure to comply with information reporting requirements relating to qualified opportunity funds and qualified rural opportunity funds.”. (5) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) Secretary reporting of data on opportunity zone and rural opportunity zone tax incentives.— (1) IN GENERAL.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $15,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, for necessary expenses of the Internal Revenue Service to make the reports described in paragraph (2). (2) REPORTS.—As soon as practical after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary's delegate (referred to in this section as the “Secretary”) shall make publicly available a report on qualified opportunity funds. (3) INFORMATION INCLUDED.—The report required under paragraph (2) shall include, to the extent available, the following information: (A) The number of qualified opportunity funds. (B) The aggregate dollar amount of assets held in qualified opportunity funds. (C) The aggregate dollar amount of investments made by qualified opportunity funds in qualified opportunity fund property, stated separately for each North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code. (D) The percentage of population census tracts designated as qualified opportunity zones that have received qualified opportunity fund investments. (E) For each population census tract designated as a qualified opportunity zone, the approximate average monthly number of full-time equivalent employees of the qualified opportunity zone businesses in such qualified opportunity zone for the preceding 12-month period (within numerical ranges identified by the Secretary) or such other indication of the employment impact of such qualified opportunity fund businesses as determined appropriate by the Secretary. (F) The percentage of the total amount of investments made by qualified opportunity funds in— (i) qualified opportunity zone property which is real property; and (ii) other qualified opportunity zone property. (G) For each population census tract, the aggregate approximate number of residential units resulting from investments made by qualified opportunity funds in real property. (H) The aggregate dollar amount of investments made by qualified opportunity funds in each population census tract. (4) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.— (A) IN GENERAL.—Beginning with the report submitted under paragraph (2) for the 6th year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall include in such report the impacts and outcomes of a designation of a population census tract as a qualified opportunity zone as measured by economic indicators, such as job creation, poverty reduction, new business starts, and other metrics as determined by the Secretary. (B) SEMI-DECENNIAL INFORMATION.— (i) IN GENERAL.—In the case of any report submitted under paragraph (2) in the 6th year or the 11th year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall include the following information: (I) For population census tracts designated as a qualified opportunity zone, a comparison (based on aggregate information) of the factors listed in clause (iii) between the 5-year period ending on the date of the enactment of Public Law 115–97 and the most recent 5-year period for which data is available. (II) For population census tracts designated as a qualified opportunity zone, a comparison (based on aggregate information) of the factors listed in clause (iii) for the most recent 5-year period for which data is available between such population census tracts and similar population census tracts that were not designated as a qualified opportunity zone. (ii) CONTROL GROUPS.—For purposes of clause (i), the Secretary may combine population census tracts into such groups as the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of making comparisons. (iii) FACTORS LISTED.—The factors listed in this clause are the following: (I) The unemployment rate. (II) The number of persons working in the population census tract, including the percentage of such persons who were not residents in the population census tract in the p