formation.—Beginning January 1, 2027, each contract under a State plan with a managed care entity (as defined in section 1932(a)(1)(B)) or with a prepaid inpatient health plan or prepaid ambulatory health plan (as such terms are defined in section 1903(m)(9)(D)), shall provide that such entity or plan shall promptly transmit to the State any address information for an individual enrolled with such entity or plan that is provided to such entity or plan directly from, or verified by such entity or plan directly with, such individual.”. (b) CHIP.— (1) IN GENERAL.—Section 2107(e)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (U) as subparagraphs (I) through (V), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraph: “(H) Section 1902(a)(88) (relating to address information for enrollees and prevention of simultaneous enrollments).”. (2) MANAGED CARE.—Section 2103(f)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397cc(f)(3)) is amended by striking “and (e)” and inserting “(e), and (j)”. SEC. 71104. Ensuring deceased individuals do not remain enrolled. Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a), as amended by section 71103, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (87), by striking “; and” and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (88), by striking the period at the end and inserting “; and”; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (88) the following new paragraph: “(89) provide that the State shall comply with the eligibility verification requirements under subsection (ww), except that this paragraph shall apply only in the case of the 50 States and the District of Columbia.”; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: “(ww) Verification of certain eligibility criteria.— “(1) IN GENERAL.—For purposes of subsection (a)(89), the eligibility verification requirements, beginning January 1, 2027, are as follows: “(A) QUARTERLY SCREENING TO VERIFY ENROLLEE STATUS.—The State shall, not less frequently than quarterly, review the Death Master File (as such term is defined in section 203(d) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013) or a successor system that provides such information needed to determine whether any individuals enrolled for medical assistance under the State plan (or waiver of such plan) are deceased. “(B) DISENROLLMENT UNDER STATE PLAN.—If the State determines, based on information obtained from the Death Master File, that an individual enrolled for medical assistance under the State plan (or waiver of such plan) is deceased, the State shall— “(i) treat such information as factual information confirming the death of a beneficiary; “(ii) disenroll such individual from the State plan (or waiver of such plan) in accordance with subsection (a)(3); and “(iii) discontinue any payments for medical assistance under this title made on behalf of such individual (other than payments for any items or services furnished to such individual prior to the death of such individual). “(C) REINSTATEMENT OF COVERAGE IN THE EVENT OF ERROR.—If a State determines that an individual was misidentified as deceased based on information obtained from the Death Master File and was erroneously disenrolled from medical assistance under the State plan (or waiver of such plan) based on such misidentification, the State shall immediately re-enroll such individual under the State plan (or waiver of such plan), retroactive to the date of such disenrollment. “(2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION.—Nothing under this subsection shall be construed to preclude the ability of a State to use other electronic data sources to timely identify potentially deceased beneficiaries, so long as the State is also in compliance with the requirements of this subsection (and all other requirements under this title relating to Medicaid eligibility determination and redetermination).”. SEC. 71105. Ensuring deceased providers do not remain enrolled. Section 1902(kk)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(kk)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking “The State” and inserting: “(A) IN GENERAL.—The State”; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B) PROVIDER SCREENING AGAINST DEATH MASTER FILE.—Beginning January 1, 2028, as part of the enrollment (or reenrollment or revalidation of enrollment) of a provider or supplier under this title, and not less frequently than quarterly during the period that such provider or supplier is so enrolled, the State conducts a check of the Death Master File (as such term is defined in section 203(d) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013) to determine whether such provider or supplier is deceased.”. SEC. 71106. Payment reduction related to certain erroneous excess payments under Medicaid. (a) In general.—Section 1903(u)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(u)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting “for audits conducted by the Secretary, or, at the option of the Secretary, audits conducted by the State” after “exceeds 0.03”; and (B) by inserting “, to the extent practicable” before the period at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking “The Secretary” and inserting “(i) Subject to clause (ii), the Secretary”; and (B) by adding at the end the following new clause: “(ii) The amount waived under clause (i) for a fiscal year may not exceed an amount equal to the erroneous excess payments for medical assistance described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) made for such fiscal year that exceed the allowable error rate of 0.03.”. (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking “he” in each place it appears and inserting “the Secretary” in each such place; and (4) in subparagraph (D)(i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking “and” at the end; (B) in subclause (II), by striking the period at the end and inserting “, or payme