aken into account under subsection (b)(2)(A) before any contribution taken into account by reason of this paragraph. “(B) 5-YEAR CARRYFORWARD.—No charitable contribution may be carried forward under subparagraph (A) to any taxable year following the fifth taxable year after the taxable year in which the charitable contribution was first taken into account. For purposes of the preceding sentence, contributions shall be treated as allowed on a first-in first-out basis. “(C) CONTRIBUTIONS DISALLOWED BY 1-PERCENT FLOOR CARRIED FORWARD ONLY FROM YEARS IN WHICH 10 PERCENT LIMITATION IS EXCEEDED.—In the case of any taxable year from which a charitable contribution is carried forward under subparagraph (A) (determined without regard this subparagraph), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘clause (i) or (ii)’ for ‘clause (ii)’. “(D) SPECIAL RULE FOR NET OPERATING LOSS CARRYOVERS.—The amount of charitable contributions carried forward under subparagraph (A) shall be reduced to the extent that such carryfoward would (but for this subparagraph) reduce taxable income (as computed for purposes of the second sentence of section 172(b)(2)) and increase a net operating loss carryover under section 172 to a succeeding taxable year.”. (c) Conforming amendments.—Subparagraphs (B)(ii) and (C)(ii) of section 170(b)(2) are each amended by inserting “other than subparagraph (C) thereof” after “subsection (d)(2)”. (d) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70427. Permanent increase in limitation on cover over of tax on distilled spirits. (a) In general.—Paragraph (1) of section 7652(f) is amended to read as follows: “(1) $13.25, or”. (b) Effective date.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to distilled spirits brought into the United States after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70428. Nonprofit community development activities in remote native villages. (a) In general.—For purposes of subchapter F of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any activity substantially related to participation or investment in fisheries in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands statistical and reporting areas (as described in Figure 1 of section 679 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations) carried on by an entity identified in section 305(i)(1)(D) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(D)) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section) shall be considered substantially related to the exercise or performance of the purpose constituting the basis of such entity's exemption under section 501(a) of such Code if the conduct of such activity is in furtherance of 1 or more of the purposes specified in section 305(i)(1)(A) of such Act (as so in effect). For purposes of this paragraph, activities substantially related to participation or investment in fisheries include the harvesting, processing, transportation, sales, and marketing of fish and fish products of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands statistical and reporting areas. (b) Application to certain wholly owned subsidiaries.—If the assets of a trade or business relating to an activity described in subsection (a) of any subsidiary wholly owned by an entity identified in section 305(i)(1)(D) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(D)) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section) are transferred to such entity (including in liquidation of such subsidiary) not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) no gain or income resulting from such transfer shall be recognized to either such subsidiary or such entity under such Code, and (2) all income derived from such subsidiary from such transferred trade or business shall be exempt from taxation under such Code. (c) Effective date.—This section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall remain effective during the existence of the western Alaska community development quota program established by Section 305(i)(1) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)), as amended. SEC. 70429. Adjustment of charitable deduction for certain expenses incurred in support of Native Alaskan subsistence whaling. (a) In general.—Section 170(n)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking “$10,000” and inserting “$50,000”. (b) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. SEC. 70430. Exception to percentage of completion method of accounting for certain residential construction contracts. (a) In general.—Section 460(e) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking “home construction contract” both places it appears and inserting “residential construction contract”, and (B) by inserting “(determined by substituting ‘3-year’ for ‘2-year’ in subparagraph (B)(i) for any residential construction contract which is not a home construction contract)” after “the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B)”, (2) by striking paragraph (4) and redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4), and (3) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking “paragraph (4)” and inserting “paragraph (3)”. (b) Application of exception for purposes of alternative minimum tax.—Section 56(a)(3) is amended by striking “any home construction contract (as defined in section 460(e)(6))” and inserting “any residential construction contract (as defined in section 460(e)(4))”. (c) Effective date.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contracts entered into in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. subchapter D—Permanent investments in small business and rural America SEC. 70431. Expansion of qualified small business