). “(7) REGAINING PROGRAMMATIC ELIGIBILITY.—The Secretary shall establish a process by which an institution of higher education that has an educational program that has lost eligibility under this subsection may, after a period of not less than 2 years of such program's ineligibility, apply to regain such eligibility, subject to the requirements established by the Secretary that further the purpose of this subsection.”. subtitle F—Regulatory Relief SEC. 85001. Delay of rule relating to borrower defense to repayment. (a) Delay.—Beginning on the date of enactment of this section, for loans that first originate before July 1, 2035, the provisions of subpart D of part 685 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to borrower defense to repayment), as added or amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education on November 1, 2022, and titled “Institutional Eligibility Under the Higher Education Act of 1965, as Amended; Student Assistance General Provisions; Federal Perkins Loan Program; Federal Family Education Loan Program; and William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program” (87 Fed. Reg. 65904) shall not be in effect. (b) Effect.—Beginning on the date of enactment of this section, with respect to loans that first originate before July 1, 2035, any regulations relating to borrower defense to repayment that took effect on July 1, 2020, are restored and revived as such regulations were in effect on such date. SEC. 85002. Delay of rule relating to closed school discharges. (a) Delay.—Beginning on the date of enactment of this section, for loans that first originate before July 1, 2035, the provisions of sections 674.33(g), 682.402(d), and 685.214 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to closed school discharges), as added or amended by the final regulations published by the Department of Education on November 1, 2022, and titled “Institutional Eligibility Under the Higher Education Act of 1965, as Amended; Student Assistance General Provisions; Federal Perkins Loan Program; Federal Family Education Loan Program; and William D. Ford Federal Direct Loan Program” (87 Fed. Reg. 65904), shall not be in effect. (b) Effect.—Beginning on the date of enactment of this section, with respect to loans that first originate before July 1, 2035, the portions of the Code of Federal Regulations described in subsection (a) and amended by the final regulations described in subsection (a) shall be in effect as if the amendments made by such final regulations had not been made. subtitle G—Garden of Heroes SEC. 86001. Garden of Heroes. In addition to amounts otherwise available, there are appropriated to the National Endowment for the Humanities for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to remain available through fiscal year 2028, $40,000,000 for the procurement of statues as described in Executive Order 13934 (85 Fed. Reg. 41165; relating to building and rebuilding monuments to American heroes), Executive Order 13978 (86 Fed. Reg. 6809; relating to building the National Garden of American Heroes), and Executive Order 14189 (90 Fed. Reg. 8849; relating to celebrating America’s birthday). subtitle H—Office of Refugee Resettlement SEC. 87001. Potential sponsor vetting for unaccompanied alien children appropriation. (a) Appropriation.—In addition to amounts otherwise available, there is appropriated to the Office of Refugee Resettlement for fiscal year 2025, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $300,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2028, for the purposes described in subsection (b). (b) Use of funds.—The funds made available under subsection (a) may only be used for the Office of Refugee Resettlement to support costs associated with— (1) background checks on potential sponsors, which shall include— (A) the name of the potential sponsor and of all adult residents of the potential sponsor’s household; (B) the social security number or tax payer identification number of the potential sponsor and of all adult residents of the potential sponsor’s household; (C) the date of birth of the potential sponsor and of all adult residents of the potential sponsor’s household; (D) the validated location of the residence at which the unaccompanied alien child will be placed; (E) an in-person or virtual interview with, and suitability study concerning, the potential sponsor and all adult residents of the potential sponsor’s household; (F) contact information for the potential sponsor and for all adult residents of the potential sponsor’s household; and (G) the results of all background and criminal records checks for the potential sponsor and for all adult residents of the potential sponsor’s household, which shall include, at a minimum, an investigation of the public records sex offender registry, a public records background check, and a national criminal history check based on fingerprints; (2) home studies of potential sponsors of unaccompanied alien children; (3) determining whether an unaccompanied alien child poses a danger to self or others by conducting an examination of the unaccompanied alien child for gang-related tattoos and other gang-related markings and covering such tattoos or markings while the child is in the care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement; (4) data systems improvement and sharing that supports the health, safety, and well being of unaccompanied alien children by determining the appropriateness of potential sponsors of unaccompanied alien children and of adults residing in the household of the potential sponsor and by assisting with the identification and investigation of child labor exploitation and child trafficking; and (5) coordinating and communicating with State child welfare agencies regarding the placement of unaccompanied alien children in such States by the Office of Refugee Resettlement. (c) Definitions.—In this section: (